[1] "--- Summary ---"
A topic model with 15 topics, 8355 documents and a 13068 word dictionary.
[1] "--- Gamma (Expected Proportions) ---"
[1] "--- Dominant Topic Counts ---"
dominant_topic
   1    2    3    4    5    6    7    8    9   10   11   12   13   14   15 
 517  690  246  600  383  429   14 1199  383 1403  482  507  365  803  334 
[1] "--- Top Words ---"
Topic 1 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: $, new, tax, energy, million, state, housing, budget, climate, year 
 	 FREX: yorkers, budget, congestion, clean, $, industry, tax, pricing, income, housing 
 	 Lift: @lizkrueger, #okleg, #okvotes, acc, e-bike, evs, fy24, government-om, governor.ny.gov, maximized 
 	 Score: $, congestion, yorkers, climate, tax, budget, energy, pricing, billion, @govkathyhochul 
Topic 2 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: vote, election, day, voter, voting, registration, #nhpolitics, today, ballot, voters 
 	 FREX: #nhpolitics, nh, hampshire, #nationalvoterregistrationday, registration, 🗳️, iwillvote.com, registered, #ncpol, @tim_walz 
 	 Lift: hampshire, @amyklobuchar, @bradtabke, @jeremyallenmoss, @joycecraignh, @kellyayotte, @mallorymcmorrow, @mccormickforgov, @nhgop, @nhhousedems 
 	 Score: #nhpolitics, @kamalaharris, nh, vote, @tim_walz, 🗳️, registration, #nationalvoterregistrationday, voter, voting 
Topic 3 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: walz, tim, court, minnesota, state, governor, supreme, us, +, arizona 
 	 FREX: tim, walz, whitehouse, ethics, riots, minnesota, hobbs, @senwhitehouse, patricia, minneapolis 
 	 Lift: #thelittleguys, asinine, blockers, butker’s, egging, floodgates, honeymoon, hormones, ilhan, laughable 
 	 Score: walz, tim, minnesota, whitehouse, rhode, supreme, arizona, border, riots, kamala 
Topic 4 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: community, learn, month, join, office, celebrate, hispanic, today, us, free 
 	 FREX: #hispanicheritagemonth, hispanic, heritage, contributions, rsvp, comunidad, latino, month, learn, #californiasos 
 	 Lift: @mets, @nycsanitation, #988lifeline, #mesdelaherenciahispana, #sandiego, #sandiegoatwork, 🥘, al-adha, apoyar, backtosch 
 	 Score: hispanic, #californiasos, latino, #shirleynweberphd, #hispanicheritagemonth, celebrate, rsvp, month, ave, manassas 
Topic 5 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: trump, president, donald, people, attempt, assassination, harris, kamala, violence, now 
 	 FREX: assassination, attempt, rhetoric, springfield, bomb, @realdonaldtrump, maduro, secret, golf, censorship 
 	 Lift: assures, astroturfed, illustrates, provable, underbelly, @robertkennedyjr, assassin, bomb, hawley, interrupt 
 	 Score: trump, assassination, kamala, donald, vance, maduro, president, harris, rhetoric, routh 
Topic 6 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: texas, today, #txlege, day, family, congratulations, us, years, district, school 
 	 FREX: texas, #txlege, texans, officers, star, #prolife, sacrifice, representative, abbott, officer 
 	 Lift: #goldstarmothersday, #sicem, admired, carole, cruiser, dfw, famer, genesis, pastors, shattering 
 	 Score: texas, #txlege, congratulations, texans, #prolife, nominee, calendar, officer, trooper, today 
Topic 7 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: =, utah, <, drops, co2, pools, #utpol, olympic, impact, effect 
 	 FREX: utah, <, co2, pools, #utpol, 300m, 20drops, netzero, 1-trillionth, cox 
 	 Lift: @lghendersonutah, @natalieforutah, @phil_lyman, @spencerjcox, @utahgop, #kingforutah, #utah, #utahcorruption, #writeinphillyman, < 
 	 Score: <, pools, co2, 20drops, 300m, netzero, 1-trillionth, 2c, #utpol, 0.008c 
Topic 8 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: one, na, people, can, good, know, time, think, right, even 
 	 FREX: 😂, na, thought, pretty, 🤣, maybe, lol, hey, tweet, game 
 	 Lift: @yarbro, ☠️, 🤦🏻‍♂️, 🤷🏼‍♂️, 😔, 😝, 😳, emotions, hopping, irmo 
 	 Score: 😂, na, 🤣, #bengals, actually, think, lol, he’s, tweet, weird 
Topic 9 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: hurricane, storm, county, florida, please, helene, help, power, can, emergency 
 	 FREX: #helene, tropical, crews, helene, hurricane, storm, winds, evacuation, flooding, impacted 
 	 Lift: @centerpoint, @myfdot, @nhc_atlantic, #florida, #gawx, #helene, 🌀, 1-800-342-3557, 1-800-621-3362, 1-833-get-hope 
 	 Score: hurricane, storm, helene, #helene, tropical, evacuation, #milton, winds, 🌀, florida 
Topic 10 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: thank, great, community, state, work, new, county, day, support, team 
 	 FREX: wonderful, award, ribbon, dedication, enjoyed, congrats, honored, plymouth, attended, pleasure 
 	 Lift: gala, plymouth, @asmsantabarbara, @brookelrollins, @chadsimmons_, @cjacksonprz, @coachdaniels06, @hhshoyafootball, @hoyafbrecruit, @johngarcia_jr 
 	 Score: schenectady, plymouth, honored, annual, dedication, proud, ribbon, congratulations, award, enjoyed 
Topic 11 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: harris, president, kamala, trump, biden, donald, vice, @kamalaharris, party, one 
 	 FREX: vice, witness, @joebiden, harris, false, dnc, joe, tribel, vp, kamala 
 	 Lift: #answerthecall2024, #letsdothis, #republicansforharris, 34-time, centrist, crude, cynicism, delegations, gus’s, positivity 
 	 Score: kamala, harris, trump, @kamalaharris, president, biden, donald, vance, tribel, vp 
Topic 12 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: vote, abortion, republicans, senate, thank, state, rights, republican, women, protect 
 	 FREX: missouri, ivf, abortion, #moleg, ban, reproductive, constitution, amendment, freedom, republicans 
 	 Lift: missouri, missourians, @billeigel, @derekmerrin, @fcrepublicancc, @jacomogop, @missourigop, @moright2lifepac, #abortionishealthcare, #ca47 
 	 Score: abortion, reproductive, ivf, missouri, #moleg, ban, senate, vote, republicans, constitution 
Topic 13 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: people, public, state, government, one, now, democrats, even, also, can 
 	 FREX: california, prop, private, newsom, legal, wealthy, vouchers, marijuana, data, voucher 
 	 Lift: cbp.gov, cigarettes, civicalerts.asp, full-time, handlers, national-me, nod, obesity, paroled, punishing 
 	 Score: illegal, parole, newsom, democrats, #fixcalifornia, migrants, prop, california, californians, marijuana 
Topic 14 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: health, families, support, bill, care, act, communities, proud, work, can 
 	 FREX: legislation, health, mental, ensuring, bipartisan, improve, ensure, safer, communities, committed 
 	 Lift: @cagovernor, @cwbeacon, @edmarkey, @hispaniccaucus, @sengillibrand, @senmarkey, #recoverymonth, ⚕️, caregiving, enforcement’s 
 	 Score: communities, proud, care, mental, protect, bill, health, violence, gun, act 
Topic 15 Top Words:
 	 Highest Prob: border, biden, israel, american, harris, biden-harris, kamala, illegal, u.s, administration 
 	 FREX: gaza, lebanon, idf, afghanistan, israel, iran, hezbollah, terror, hamas, israeli 
 	 Lift: afghan, afghanistan, nationals, terror, @gatewaypundit, @gopmajoritywhip, @nmalliotakis, @repmalliotakis, @repstefanik, @stevescalise 
 	 Score: border, hezbollah, israel, kamala, hamas, idf, israeli, harris, terrorists, iran 
[1] "--- Top Thoughts ---"

 Topic 1: 
 	 NOUVEAUX RASSEMBLEMENTS CITOYENS EN FRANCE POUR LA LIBÉRATION DE PAUL WATSON. ON CONTINUE ! 💪 Encore une fois merci à nos soutiens, nos sympathisants, nos bénévoles et à tous ceux qui se mobilisent à nos côtés pour demander la libération de Paul Watson, incarcéré au Groenland depuis le 21 juillet où il risque l’extradition vers le Japon pour avoir sauvé plus de 5000 baleines dans le sanctuaire baleinier antarctique.  Ces prochains jours, rejoignez en masse les rassemblements partout en France. Nous ne lâcherons rien !    Pour vous mobiliser à nos côtés : - Signez et partagez la pétition internationale adressée à la Première ministre danoise sur notre site : seashepherd.fr/petitions/pet… - Signez et partagez la pétition nationale adressée à la Emmanuel Macron : mesopinions.com/petition/nat… - Participez à notre cagnotte : helloasso.com/associations/s… - Partagez vos images des rassemblements citoyens sur les réseaux avec les #FreePaulWatson & #SeaShepherdFrance  - Partagez nos publications et nos appels à la mobilisation autour de vous  - Suivez nos actions et soutenez-nous sur notre site : seashepherd.fr/ - Rejoignez les prochains rassemblements officiels de Sea Shepherd France. Nos visuels à imprimer sont accessibles ici : dropbox.com/scl/fo/t1p3uzmhm… #FreePaulWatson #MobilisationCitoyenne #SeaShepherdFrance
 	🌍 Le Nouveau Front Populaire va rompre avec sept interminables années d’inaction climatique.  Avec nous au gouvernement, l’A69, les méga-bassines, l’agro-business et le gavage des multinationales climaticides, c’est terminé ! Soutien à ceux qui luttent depuis tant d’années ! Plant-based meat alternatives are eco-friendlier and mostly healthier, study finds theguardian.com/business/art… EXPOSED: Israel's Secret War in the West Bank @obornetweets NOUVEAUX RASSEMBLEMENTS CITOYENS EN FRANCE POUR LA LIBÉRATION DE PAUL WATSON AVANT L'AUDIENCE DU 4 SEPTEMBRE ! ON CONTINUE!  Encore une fois merci à nos soutiens, nos sympathisants, nos bénévoles et à tous ceux qui se mobilisent à nos côtés pour demander la libération de Paul Watson, incarcéré au Groenland depuis le 21 juillet où il risque l’extradition vers le Japon pour avoir sauvé plus de 5000 baleines dans le sanctuaire baleinier antarctique.  Ces prochains jours, rejoignez en masse les rassemblements partout en France et pour la première fois depuis le début de la mobilisation, à l'île de la Réunion !  Nous ne lâcherons rien !   Pour vous mobiliser à nos côtés :  - Signez et partagez la pétition internationale adressée à la Première ministre danoise sur notre site : seashepherd.fr/petitions/pet… - Signez et partagez la pétition nationale adressée à la Emmanuel Macron : mesopinions.com/petition/nat… - Participez à notre cagnotte : helloasso.com/associations/s… - Partagez vos images des rassemblements citoyens sur les réseaux avec les #FreePaulWatson & #SeaShepherdFrance  - Partagez nos publications et nos appels à la mobilisation autour de vous  - Suivez nos actions et soutenez-nous sur notre site : seashepherd.fr/ - Rejoignez les prochains rassemblements officiels de Sea Shepherd France  #FreePaulWatson #MobilisationCitoyenne #SeaShepherdFrance 🚨 Libération de Paul Watson : la Première ministre du Danemark nous a répondu ! Mais la réponse n’est ni satisfaisante, ni rassurante.  On maintient la pression ! ✊  #FreePaulWatson For a Prime Minister,it is quite light for an answer.She is responsible for her ministers decisions.Let's then see the response of her Minister of Justice.The letter from 07/24 (3 days after Paul's arrest) is being forwarded to his office @Mettefrederik10 #Freepaulwatson Mercredi 4 septembre, Grand rassemblement à Paris place de la République de 11h30 à 14h00. En simultané de l'audience par la Cour du Groenland, qui décidera du maintien en détention de Paul Watson ou de sa libération.  Seront présents à ce rassemblement : des associations, des élus, des personnalités, des personnes de la société civile. @LamyaEssemlali  interviendra en duplex depuis Nuuk au Groenland et seront diffusées pour la première fois les fameuses images qui innocentent Paul Watson de tous les chefs d’accusation portés contre lui par le Japon. Les images que le Juge Groenlandais a refusé de visionner lors de l’audience du 15 août dernier et que nos avocats espèrent qu'il acceptera de prendre en compte cette fois-ci.  Venez nombreux et nombreuses !  Si l'océan meurt nous mourons.  #freepaulwatson 10-Day Strike at Cornell University Wins Union Workers Historic Pay Increases democracynow.org/2024/8/29/h…
 	April Revenue Report for TN continues a trend of under-performance. Disappointing. Not unexpected. The recently passed Budget for 2024-25 anticipates  lower growth w reduced spending as our state tax revenues return to a normal growth rate…post-pandemic. url.us.m.mimecastprotect.com…
 	April Revenue Report for TN continues a trend of under-performance. Disappointing. Not unexpected. The recently passed Budget for 2024-25 anticipates  lower growth w reduced spending as our state tax revenues return to a normal growth rate…post-pandemic. url.us.m.mimecastprotect.com…
 	Tesla has converted an entire Shell gas station into a Supercharger station for electric vehicles in Spain, and it looks... Source: Electrek search.app/BDH2biXLQnFgxgyM9 How a Boston family got their home off fossil fuels in a year bostonglobe.com/2024/11/24/s… New climate bill in Massachusetts embraces nuclear energy bostonglobe.com/2024/11/22/b…
 	I’ve issued an official AG Opinion confirming that Virginia is not legally bound to follow California’s emission standards.  Separating Virginia from California’s new emission standards is good for our Commonwealth.  wsj.com/us-news/virginia-pas… Virginia's Air Pollution Control Board adopted California's Advanced Clean Cars Program I (ACC I) in 2021. However, Virginia's Air Pollution Control Board never approved or adopted California's newest vehicle emissions regulation, Advanced Clean Cars Program II (ACC II). Because ACC I expires at the end of 2024, Virginia will revert back to the federal standards on January 1st, 2025. Read the full AG Opinion here: oag.state.va.us/files/Opinio…
 	Amen! Touring an oil rig owned and operated by Mewbourne Oil Company outside of Carlsbad, NM. The innovations utilized by companies like this are helping produce oil and gas more efficiently, and with less impacts on the environment. @senpadilla @nmsenatedems #nmleg #nmpol
 	Them: the world is rapidly transitioning away from fossil fuels.   Me: where? US utilities plan to build 133 new gas-fired power plants & natural gas power generation is projected to increase 18% between 2024-2035.
 	Clearly Clean, a company that produces eco-friendly food packaging, announces they will invest $25 million in a manufacturing facility in Greensboro, creating 80 new jobs. #jobs #economy @bizjournals bizjournals.com/triad/news/2…
 	🚨\"The current strategy is not realistic or achievable. It is not responsible or rational. It lacks critical foresight, and it unreasonably risks energy grid reliability and affordability.\" 🚨This week's column: odessafile.com/government-OM…
 	27% of Californians have missed their electrical utility bill payments in the last year. Rising grid costs, adjustments required by fluctuating renewables drives costs up. WSJ
 	Waste Management of Colorado is embarking on a groundbreaking project, building a new hauling site and recycling facility in Aurora, with plans to hire 135 employees. The company is ever/evolving to refine accurate segregation of plastics, metals, and other recyclables for the reuse in the production of new products. Working for a sustainable tomorrow!
 	The Biden administration is lying about Alabama. Great to be at Windsor Doors today to celebrate a multi-million-dollar investment and more jobs. This is huge news for Windsor - and for the Arkansas steel they buy, the Arkansas homes they help build, and the Arkansas truckers who ship it all. I love that the Ark Times file photo here is from a jobs announcement that's yielding 700 new jobs in Central Arkansas. A great reminder that the tax cuts we've enacted since 2014 are working & paying big dividends for our citizens! #arpx #arleg You're evidently unaware that most small businesses pay the personal income tax rate (LLCs, S-Corps, Sole Proprietorships, etc.) And also unaware of the corporate tax reductions we've done. We're going to keep growing AR's economy & helping attract jobs for our citizens.
 	Colorado lawmakers on Thursday gave final approval to a property tax deal that will provide small cuts to homeowners and some businesses, while putting new limits on future property tax growth. buff.ly/3XmHi9C
 	Instead of refunds & tax cuts for Minnesota families, they got: $19.5 Billion surplus spent $10 Billion ⬆️ in taxes 40% ⬆️ in government spending $20 Billion ⬆️ in state budget Over a Billion in waste & fraud 📈We warned cost of living & inflation would skyrocket as a result.
 	Over 80% of Californians support offshore wind (PPIC). The State is working overtime to develop new wind and green energy power which will bring on needed electric supply and help achieve climate goals. Great meeting with wind industry and state leaders - big projects ahead!
 	I applaud @GovKathyHochul for delaying Congestion Pricing. I have opposed #CongestionPricing since it was first proposed. If adopted, this tax will impose massive financial burdens on everyday New Yorkers and outer borough residents like my neighbors. My statement regarding today’s announcement by @GovKathyHochul on congestion pricing.
 	🚨\"spending restraint wouldn't even cut it now in the face of all that they've set in motion including a migrant crisis, far-reaching energy mandates, rising Medicaid costs, and all the other new and ever-growing spending commitments\" This week's column: odessafile.com/government-OM… NA
 	Read my joint statement with Senator @LizKrueger in response to reports by @THECITYNY's @RosalindZAdams of internal concerns regarding the operation of New York's Cannabis Social Equity Fund.
 	This year’s budget included a $50 million annual recurring investment in the state’s Clean Streams Fund to address agricultural conservation, nutrient management, clean water procurement, stormwater management and acid mine drainage. I worked with @SenatorMartinPA & @senatorlaughlin to establish the fund last session, along with ACAP. There is more work to be done, but with the help of our farmers, PA has made tremendous progress in meeting its goals for reducing pollution to the Chesapeake Bay. 
 Topic 2: 
 	 Today is National Voter Registration Day! Take a few minutes to visit IWillVote.com/Obama and make sure you’re registered and have a plan to vote. Then check in with your friends and family and make sure they’re registered, too. Let’s get it done. It’s National Voter Registration Day.  We are voting for Harris-Walz. The choice is clear. Check your voting status here: iwillvote.com
 	Milwaukee, 2024 America: In 50 days we can write the next great chapter in our country’s history—together. Join us: go.kamalaharris.com It’s Voter Registration Day, America.  Head to Vote.gov today to ensure you’re ready to make your voice heard this November. Today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay! Now is the time to make sure every single person we know is registered to vote.  Join me and @WhenWeAllVote by going to WhenWeAllVote.org to check your voter registration status or to sign up to vote if you haven't already. Don’t wait until later or tomorrow to do it — it’s just too easy to forget. Voter registration deadlines in states across the country are coming up soon, and your voice deserves to be heard this November! To mark National Voter Registration Day, we are holding a National Day of Action on Voting Rights. Join me by checking your voter registration status at Vote.gov — and remind your friends and family to do the same.
 	📷 LAST CHANCE TO REGISTER! 📷 Today is Oct 7th, the final day to register to vote in Tx! Make sure your voice is heard in the upcoming election. Early voting starts in 14 days! Visit the link to check your registration and/or get registered!    dallascountyvotes.org/voters…
 	Good morning! ☀️  It’s the first day of early voting and we just cast our vote for @KamalaHarris and @RosenforNevada! Early voting starts today until November 5, let’s make our voices heard! #VamosNevada
 	Happy National Voter Registration Day! 🗽 Arizona’s voter registration deadline is October 7th. Visit servicearizona.com to make sure you are ready to cast your ballot this November. #voterregistration
 	If your commute prevents you from #voting on Election Day & you want to vote in-person, early voting gives you flexibility to have your say, your day! More info on early voting is available at MyVote.ct.gov #elections #vote #earlyvoting @commoncauseinct @lwvct The November 5th general election is only a few weeks away. Take these steps to #MakeYourVotingPlan and be vote ready! Find all the info you need about the upcoming election at MyVote.ct.gov #elections #vote #voting
 	Now is the time to make your plan to vote in the November 5 general election! If you need to register to vote, update your registration, or request a no-excuse mail-in ballot, head to Vote.pa.gov and get ready to make your voice heard.
 	Spent the evening knocking on doors in Detroit with my friend Robert for @KamalaHarris and our Democratic candidates!  We asked voters about their plans to vote -- early, by mail, or on election day. Do you have a plan to vote? Michigan.gov/vote  #VOTE #HarrisWalz2024
 	Arizona is fired up to elect @KamalaHarris, @Tim_Walz, @RubenGallego, @NezForAZ, and Democrats up and down the ballot. 44 days left to make sure everyone knows how much their vote matters. This November, we’re going to elect leaders who fight for all of us.
 	100 days until Election Day? Are you registered to vote?  maine.gov/vote 99 days until Election Day! Are you registered? In Maine you can register to vote in person any day including on Election Day. But why wait? maine.gov/vote NEDS joined Portland Mayor Mark Dion, Secretary of State @shennabellows & those touched by donation, to discuss the importance of organ donation. Mayor Dion declared this Organ Donation Week, and Secretary of State Shenna Bellows urged more Mainers to register as donors.
 	Michigan! It’s National Voter Registration Day. Register or check your registration so you can vote for @KamalaHarris, @ElissaSlotkin, and Democrats up and down the ballot this year. Let’s keep our state BLUE!  iwillvote.com/?state=MI
 	#603toDNC #NHPolitics @NHDems @DemConvention This morning’s delegation breakfast speaker is no stranger to NH… @PeteButtigieg is the single best communicator in the Democratic Party and I can’t wait for him to take the convention stage on Wednesday to frame up the fight for our freedoms. 🇺🇸 #NHPolitics #603toDNC Great first night @DemConvention celebrating with New England delegates!  Thanks @RoKhanna for hosting us!  #NHPolitics ⁦@NHDems⁩ Amazing views of Chicago from the 94th floor of the Hancock building!  ⁦Enthusiasm everywhere for ⁦@KamalaHarris⁩ @NHDems⁩ #603toDNC #NHPolitics Great start to the day hearing from ⁦@PeteButtigieg⁩ about the importance of electing ⁦@KamalaHarris⁩ and ⁦@Tim_Walz⁩ @nhdems #NHPolitics #603toDNC ⁦The ⁦@DNC⁩ Labor Council members getting fired up by ⁦@SenSchumer⁩ and Gov ⁦@JoshShapiroPA⁩ We’re ready to work to expand the middle class!  ⁦@NHAFLCIO⁩ ⁦@NHDems⁩ #NHPolitics #603toDNC Use your Bean! Vote for @KamalaHarris!  #DNCConvention2024 @NHDems @KamalaforNH Mon amie @DonnaSoucy, la sénatrice de l’état du New Hampshire ⚜️ qui participe à la convention nationale du parti démocrate en tant que délégué, salut le Québec. 👋🏼 New Hampshire is ready to vote blue UP AND DOWN THE BALLOT! Let’s go!! #603toDNC #NHPolitics
 	428,300* votes cast in NC thru Thur 10/17 (353,166* in-person early, 75,134 absentee). 1,066 same day registrations processed.  IMAGES: voter party, race, top 15 counties, EV yearly comparisons.  *Totals do NOT include voters using ID exception provisionals (... more) /1 #ncpol A great day working the #EarlyVoting side in Beaufort with ⁦@gerdastein⁩ ⁦@JoshStein_⁩ #TurnNCBlue #WhenWeFightWeWin #We’reNotGoingBack ⁦@NCDemParty⁩
 	It's #NationalVoterRegistrationDay! Let's make sure all our neighbors are ready to support leaders who fight for all of us on November 5th. ➡️Register to vote: bit.ly/3tmmWAN ➡️Vote by mail: bit.ly/4gqkVaZ ➡️Check your polling place: bit.ly/3XLWg9l
 	It’s National Voter Registration Day! Take 30 seconds to register to vote, check your registration status, or find a registration event on or offline near you at: NationalVoterRegistrationDay… #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
 	Today’s Election Day! Polls are open until 7pm. Make sure you get and vote today. The future of our state will be determined by those who show up today. Make sure your voice is heard.
 	Today is National Voter Registration Day! Please take a few minutes to insure you are registered or register to vote. You can register online at voterregistration.alaska.gov… The deadline to register to vote for the General Election (11/5) is Sunday, October 6th.
 	Today is National Voter Registration Day! I encourage everyone to fulfill their civic duty and make sure you check your voter registration now so you can make your voice heard in November. Click below to find your Ohio voting information: ohiosos.gov/elections/voters…
 	It’s National Voter Registration Day! To register, pre-register (for 16 and 17 year-olds), or check your registration status in Minnesota, go to mnvotes.gov. 🗳️
 	Make sure you are registered to vote for November 5 General Election. Visit VoteKansas.gov to register or update your voter registration.  #ksleg #kselections #trustedinfo2024 #NationalVoterRegistrationDay Happy #NationalVoterRegistrationDay! 🇺🇸 Did you know there are 460,000+ registered voters in JoCo? Be sure you're one of them. To register to vote, visit jocoelection.org/registratio… or check your voter registration information at jocoelection.org/VoterView. Release: Kansas Surpasses 2 Million Registered Voters Ahead of November Election #ksleg #kselections 
 Topic 3: 
 	 Welcome to the race, Tim Walz! Let’s make sure America knows who you are. You helped ignite the George Floyd riots, the worst the country had seen in decades. While Minneapolis burned, you stalled on deploying the National Guard for an entire day, blaming the city for not submitting the right paperwork. You let your daughter leak the Guard's deployment plans online, so that rioters would know how long they had to loot the city with impunity. Minneapolis is a war zone because of you. Just days after the attempted murder of Donald Trump, you called him and his supporters \"fascists,\" egging on the same rhetoric that led to him being shot in the first place.  You have overseen some of the most radical youth trans surgery laws in the country. Under your leadership teenagers can get their breast chopped off and get sterilized, and your government calls it “healthcare.” You have the most radical abortion laws in the country. Zero limits. Every year 5-6 babies are BORN ALIVE and then murdered “legally” under laws you support. On immigration, you famously said you wanted to provide a “ladder” so invaders can come over Trump’s wall. You are a radical open border zealot.  You oversaw the single worst fraud of the Covid era, the Feeding Our Future case. Thanks to ineptitude at your Department of Education, criminals stole $250 million of taxpayer dollars to spend on luxury cars, houses, and vacations. Also during Covid, you approved $500 million in \"hero pay\" for frontline workers, only to have 40% of that money go to people who were ineligible or, in many cases, literally deceased. In the House, you were Pelosi’s sidekick and did whatever the Democrats demanded.  You will try and disguise yourself as a folksy midwestern moderate. In reality, you are a white male version of Kamala Harris. Radical. Inept. Undeserving to be in leadership. Make this go viral. Ruin their honeymoon. Let’s educate millions because the media will not. Here is Tim Walz smiling as he signs a law that provides drivers license for illegal aliens in Minnesota He wants all of America to do the same This guy is as radical as it gets BREAKING.🚨 Kamala Harris has selected Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz as her VP choice. Who is Tim Walz? Let's take a quick look: • Fueled BLM Riots in 2020 • Rioters looted and wrecked Minneapolis, did not deploy National Guard to avoid angering base • While crime dropped nationally, MN's went UP • Change MN state flag to resemble Somalia's • K*lled old people with Cov*d nursing home scandal • Walz shut down schools, churches and businesses • Instituted draconian mask mandates • Walz oversaw largest COVID fraud scheme in the country, with $250 million+ stolen • Walz squandered a $17.6 billion budget surplus, raised taxes • Minnesotans have been fleeing the state • MN a 'gr**mer friendly' LGBTQIA+ \"sanctuary\" state • Pushes youth trans surgery, 'hormone therapy' agenda • Quality of MN K-12 schools fell to lowest in 30 years • Soldiers accused Walz of embellishing and selectively omitting facts about his military career • Fellow soldiers accused him of \"quitting\" on them • Got DUI in 1995 going 96mph in a 55 speed zone • Praises socialism Kamala's \"PERFECT\" running mate.
 	Welcome to the race, Tim Walz! Let’s make sure America knows who you are. You helped ignite the George Floyd riots, the worst the country had seen in decades. While Minneapolis burned, you stalled on deploying the National Guard for an entire day, blaming the city for not submitting the right paperwork. You let your daughter leak the Guard's deployment plans online, so that rioters would know how long they had to loot the city with impunity. Minneapolis is a war zone because of you. Just days after the attempted murder of Donald Trump, you called him and his supporters \"fascists,\" egging on the same rhetoric that led to him being shot in the first place.  You have overseen some of the most radical youth trans surgery laws in the country. Under your leadership teenagers can get their breast chopped off and get sterilized, and your government calls it “healthcare.” You have the most radical abortion laws in the country. Zero limits. Every year 5-6 babies are BORN ALIVE and then murdered “legally” under laws you support. On immigration, you famously said you wanted to provide a “ladder” so invaders can come over Trump’s wall. You are a radical open border zealot.  You oversaw the single worst fraud of the Covid era, the Feeding Our Future case. Thanks to ineptitude at your Department of Education, criminals stole $250 million of taxpayer dollars to spend on luxury cars, houses, and vacations. Also during Covid, you approved $500 million in \"hero pay\" for frontline workers, only to have 40% of that money go to people who were ineligible or, in many cases, literally deceased. In the House, you were Pelosi’s sidekick and did whatever the Democrats demanded.  You will try and disguise yourself as a folksy midwestern moderate. In reality, you are a white male version of Kamala Harris. Radical. Inept. Undeserving to be in leadership. Make this go viral. Ruin their honeymoon. Let’s educate millions because the media will not.
 	Welcome to the race, Tim Walz! Let’s make sure America knows who you are. You helped ignite the George Floyd riots, the worst the country had seen in decades. While Minneapolis burned, you stalled on deploying the National Guard for an entire day, blaming the city for not submitting the right paperwork. You let your daughter leak the Guard's deployment plans online, so that rioters would know how long they had to loot the city with impunity. Minneapolis is a war zone because of you. Just days after the attempted murder of Donald Trump, you called him and his supporters \"fascists,\" egging on the same rhetoric that led to him being shot in the first place.  You have overseen some of the most radical youth trans surgery laws in the country. Under your leadership teenagers can get their breast chopped off and get sterilized, and your government calls it “healthcare.” You have the most radical abortion laws in the country. Zero limits. Every year 5-6 babies are BORN ALIVE and then murdered “legally” under laws you support. On immigration, you famously said you wanted to provide a “ladder” so invaders can come over Trump’s wall. You are a radical open border zealot.  You oversaw the single worst fraud of the Covid era, the Feeding Our Future case. Thanks to ineptitude at your Department of Education, criminals stole $250 million of taxpayer dollars to spend on luxury cars, houses, and vacations. Also during Covid, you approved $500 million in \"hero pay\" for frontline workers, only to have 40% of that money go to people who were ineligible or, in many cases, literally deceased. In the House, you were Pelosi’s sidekick and did whatever the Democrats demanded.  You will try and disguise yourself as a folksy midwestern moderate. In reality, you are a white male version of Kamala Harris. Radical. Inept. Undeserving to be in leadership. Make this go viral. Ruin their honeymoon. Let’s educate millions because the media will not. This isn’t Iraq. This is Minnesota under Tim Walz as Governor!  This is America if they win!  TRUMP 2024 IS THE ONLY WAY!🇺🇸 Here is Tim Walz smiling as he signs a law that provides drivers license for illegal aliens in Minnesota He wants all of America to do the same This guy is as radical as it gets I've had some really terrible interactions with PBMs as we try to get meds for our special needs son. These same PBMs are responsible for our independent pharmacy here in town going out of business. It's good to see some accountability. Thank you, Governor @SarahHuckabee. Tim Walz refused requests for the National Guard, allowing rioters to burn more than 1,500 Minneapolis businesses & a police station. More than half a *billion* $ in damage.  Walz could have stopped it, if he wanted to.  Picking Walz shows how radical Kamala Harris truly is.
 	This is an example of EXACTLY why we need a check and balance on the Executive Branch in Arizona. Lots of questions here that need to be answered. 🚨FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Senate Republicans Condemn Katie Hobbs for Rewarding Dysfunctional Group Home Millions in Taxpayer Dollars After Receiving Campaign Donations Full Statement: azsenaterepublicans.gov/post… 🚨FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Court Rules Katie Hobbs Violated State Law by Failing to Nominate Directors for Senate Confirmation Full Statement: azsenaterepublicans.gov/post… It's one thing after another. Arizonans need a check and a balance on the extreme actions of the Hobbs' administration.
 	*SR 387 restrictions for pavement work* Both directions of SR 387 will be restricted between SR 187 & SR 87 from 6 a.m. to 3 p.m. Thursday, June 6, through Friday, June 7, for pavement work. MORE: bit.ly/4bHUWsI This is an example of EXACTLY why we need a check and balance on the Executive Branch in Arizona. Lots of questions here that need to be answered. This is highly concerning and raises more questions than it answers. \"Pay to Play\" and special favors have no place in state government. \"This Arizona group home donated $400,000 to Gov. Katie Hobbs, Democrats and got more state money.\" (via @sbarchenger) azcentral.com/story/news/pol… .@RollingStone named “Amarillo By Morning” and “The Chair” two of their Greatest Country Songs of All Time! Only 7 shows left this year to hear them both live!  Read here: bit.ly/GSRollingStone 🚨FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Senate Republicans Condemn Katie Hobbs for Rewarding Dysfunctional Group Home Millions in Taxpayer Dollars After Receiving Campaign Donations Full Statement: azsenaterepublicans.gov/post… Gov. Katie Hobbs gets a $100,000 donation to her 'dark money' inauguration fund and suddenly the donor gets a pay boost on its state contract? Sure, that doesn't smell very much. azcentral.com/story/opinion/… 👀 🚨FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Court Rules Katie Hobbs Violated State Law by Failing to Nominate Directors for Senate Confirmation Full Statement: azsenaterepublicans.gov/post… In light of today’s reporting by @azcentral reporter @sbarchenger, I sent the following letter to the AZ Department of Child Safety in regards to the potential $400,000 pay-for-play scandal developing in the Office of Governor Hobbs.
 	Here is a gut wrenching clip of a disabled Minneapolis woman in tears from the George Floyd Riots that destroyed her neighborhood: “This is the only place I could go to shop, and now I don’t have anywhere to go.” This is the legacy of Kamala Harris’s new running mate. “One person’s socialism is another person’s neighborliness.” - Gov. @Tim_Walz  Talk about #Weird  We remember the “neighborliness” the Governor presided over in the summer of 2020.  #HarrisWalz You’re right. I live in a state that wasn’t allowed to burn and that knows socialism has failed everywhere it has been tried. We don’t want that for the nation. One allows radicals to burn things down while the other raises money to bail them out. What a ticket.
 	The only Walz we need in this country are the ones that secure our borders. Minnesota’s far left liberal governor & his progressive agenda doesn’t prioritize public safety. He let Minneapolis burn to the ground! The country should be afraid. alphanews.org/video-shows-ne… Finally the country (& Minnesotans!) can see the horrible policies that @GovTimWalz pushed thru. He is no moderate, Midwestern Dad. He’s a far left, radical dictator. Wait ‘til folks find out he tried to defund our nursing homes - HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS. #BeScared
 	“One person’s socialism is another person’s neighborliness.” - Gov. @Tim_Walz  Talk about #Weird  We remember the “neighborliness” the Governor presided over in the summer of 2020.  #HarrisWalz JD VANCE: “They make an interesting tag team because of course Tim Walz allowed rioters to burn down Minneapolis in the summer of 2020, and the few who got caught, Kamala Harris helped bail them out of jail.” What the hell  Minnesota First Lady says she left the windows open during the 2020 BLM riots to smell the burning tires and soak in the moment Her daughter was also caught leaking National Guard plans to rioters so they could avoid arrest This family is sick This is child abuse!  Shame on Tim Walz!  Listen to .@NotScottNewgent when it comes to this! NA This post was right above yours on my timeline. Not so sure this is a good comparison Kip! At least not fair to Joe Kernan. This is now the Democrat platform: Abortion up until birth and then death for the born alive abortions. This is EXTREME barbarism here!  Disgusting! Holy cow!  The failed Border czar really did find her perfect running mate!   Tim Walz may be just as extreme as the most liberal Senator in history Kamala Harris.  This is the #AmericaLast ticket! #HarrisWalzAmericaLast
 	The only Walz we need in this country are the ones that secure our borders. Minnesota’s far left liberal governor & his progressive agenda doesn’t prioritize public safety. He let Minneapolis burn to the ground! The country should be afraid. alphanews.org/video-shows-ne…
 	The NFL has publicly condemned Harrison Butker’s private political opinions. Has the league ever publicly condemned any other player’s private political opinions or comments for any reason? I can’t recall it. outkick.com/sports/nfl-conde… Of course the league also had its VP of diversity, equity and inclusion issue the condemnation. Which is too perfect. These DEI hires do nothing but destroy meritocratic institutions from the inside.
 	We need the GOP to win UP & DOWN THE BALLOT in November! @KariLake for U.S. Senate @azjustinheap for Maricopa Recorder @JerrySheridan24 for Maricopa Sheriff @ShawnnaLMBolick for LD2 Senate @AriBradshawAZ for LD2 House @CarineWerner for LD4 Senate @pamelacarter888 for LD4 House Kamala Harris’s running mate, Tim Walz:  “One person’s socialism is another person’s neighborliness.” This is the most radical ticket in American history. In 2021, Minnesotans were roughly five times more likely to move to Florida than vice versa. They were fleeing a state that, under Gov. Tim Walz, turned its back on law and order, increased taxes, and imposed unscientific coronavirus restrictions, harming children and destroying businesses. Walz is an unbridled leftist, an Ilhan Omar-style Democrat that puts ideology above all else. Harris/Walz--the most dangerous P/VP ticket ever. He let cities in his state burn down. She helped bail out the arsonists. She supports free health care to illegal immigrants. He signed laws giving state services to them. Both provide magnets for more illegal immigration. Trump campaign releases new ad with audio from Ronald Reagan We haven't seen one like this before SOFT ON THIEVES & SEX CRIMINALS Marsh’s votes are a dream come true for criminals. She opposed tough minimum probation for sex offenders and harsher penalties for repeat retail thieves. Check the facts: WWW.EXTREMECHRISTINE.COM PRO-OPEN BORDERS Christine Marsh's stance on open borders is making Arizona less safe. She liked a tweet calling to abolish ICE and voted against declaring fentanyl trafficking a public health crisis. Learn the truth: WWW.EXTREMECHRISTINE.COM 🚨 THE TRUTH ABOUT EXTREME CHRISTINE 🚨 We're launching the #EXTREMECHRISTINE campaign to expose the radical and dangerous record of @ChristinePMarsh. Arizona and #LD4 deserve to know the truth.🧵 SUPPORTS TAX INCREASES At a time when Arizonans are struggling, Marsh wants to raise your taxes. She voted against eliminating food taxes and supports expanding the sales tax base. See for yourself: WWW.EXTREMECHRISTINE.COM
 	On behalf of Minnesota, I apologize to America: We have been living with the catastrophic results of six years under Tim Walz, about to be inflicted on the rest of America.
 	I sit on both MN House education committees. YES IT DOES. Law: must be available to “all menstruating students in restrooms regularly used by students in grades 4 to 12...”  The DFL made it clear in committee that “boys menstruate.” Mandatory: boys, girls, and gender-neutral school bathrooms. Turns out, it does…
 	Tim Walz signed a bill that lets the State take away ur kids if you d/n/agree to sterilize them & chop off their body parts in the name of “gender affirming care.” So if your 14-yr-old is sad but thinks it’s gender confusion & u object to castrating him, the St takes custody “Socialism is neighborliness” Now go get in line for whatever food is left. NA
 	That's an EXCELLENT point! 💯 “We did it, Joe!  In only 3 1/2 years, we let in 12 million illegals, pushed the economy into a freefall …and are close to war in the Middle East.” This is a good day to remind you that the Biden-Harris 2025 budget plan contained a tax on UNREALIZED capital gains. That’s taxing the value of investment holdings before they’re sold, and before the investor actually profits. Today’s stock crash proves how crazy that is. If you think the economy is bad today, putting a San Francisco socialist in charge would make it much worse. 5 Columbian nationals who entered the US illegally were just arrested for carrying out a home invasion in Michigan. They are believed to be a part of an international crime ring. These are the types of people that border czar Kamala Harris is letting into our country. BREAKING: Over $900 billion in market value wiped from Nasdaq 100 today Close to 60% of the homes for sale in the Las Vegas Valley have been on the market for more than a month, according to a new report. STORY: lvrj.com/post/3106560 This article comes so close to stating the obvious: Progressive policies don't work. Cities like NY, LA and SF are warnings \"for what the modern progressive movement\" leads to. HOMELAND THREAT: A damning new House report says that nearly 100 illegal immigrants on the terror watch list have been released into the US under the Biden administration. trib.al/jNG1mbE Your 401k is in free fall. Prices are up 20%. Our border is wide open. But Biden and Harris are focused on the real issue: plastic forks. 🚨 SIX HOURS have past now since several U.S. troops were injured by a rocket attack on a U.S. base in Iraq, and we’ve still gotten NOTHING from the White House What the hell is going on? Where are Biden and Harris??! No, this is not a video from a war-torn country in the Middle East. This is the aftermath of the Minneapolis Riots when Minnesota Governor Tim Walz allowed it to burn four consecutive nights. This is the legacy of Kamala Harris’s new running mate. When I ran for governor of Minnesota in 2022, my campaign put together this video montage of Tim Walz’s first-term failures.  Enjoy the highlight reel as the worst Vice President in our history is about to pick the worst, most careless Governor in history as her running mate. Biden/Harris’s senior economic advisor, Gene Sperling, has resigned after stocks tumbled around the world. Welcome to the race, Tim Walz! Let’s make sure America knows who you are. You helped ignite the George Floyd riots, the worst the country had seen in decades. While Minneapolis burned, you stalled on deploying the National Guard for an entire day, blaming the city for not submitting the right paperwork. You let your daughter leak the Guard's deployment plans online, so that rioters would know how long they had to loot the city with impunity. Minneapolis is a war zone because of you. Just days after the attempted murder of Donald Trump, you called him and his supporters \"fascists,\" egging on the same rhetoric that led to him being shot in the first place.  You have overseen some of the most radical youth trans surgery laws in the country. Under your leadership teenagers can get their breast chopped off and get sterilized, and your government calls it “healthcare.” You have the most radical abortion laws in the country. Zero limits. Every year 5-6 babies are BORN ALIVE and then murdered “legally” under laws you support. On immigration, you famously said you wanted to provide a “ladder” so invaders can come over Trump’s wall. You are a radical open border zealot.  You oversaw the single worst fraud of the Covid era, the Feeding Our Future case. Thanks to ineptitude at your Department of Education, criminals stole $250 million of taxpayer dollars to spend on luxury cars, houses, and vacations. Also during Covid, you approved $500 million in \"hero pay\" for frontline workers, only to have 40% of that money go to people who were ineligible or, in many cases, literally deceased. In the House, you were Pelosi’s sidekick and did whatever the Democrats demanded.  You will try and disguise yourself as a folksy midwestern moderate. In reality, you are a white male version of Kamala Harris. Radical. Inept. Undeserving to be in leadership. Make this go viral. Ruin their honeymoon. Let’s educate millions because the media will not. Harris-Walz: most left-wing ticket in American history.  Minnesota was ground zero for the BLM riots of 2020.  Harris egged it on and Walz sat by and let Minneapolis burn. Prayers for peace Minnesota Governor Tim Walz burned through our state’s largest budget surplus of $20 Billion in under a year and then RAISED taxes. Don’t buy his moderate act. He’s a devout Socialist. Nevada's top law enforcement is leaving open records requests unfulfilled over a year after they were submitted. @AaronDFordNV is the most corrupt, least transparent state attorney general in America. reviewjournal.com/opinion/op… #CultureOfCorruption #NVleg Remember when @sandra4nv voted to defund scholarships for low-income students? Or when she opposed giving raises to charter school teachers? She works at a political firm for liberal special interests while she votes on legislation they care about and refuses to disclose her clients.  #CultureOfCorruption #NVleg #AD41 Does he ever work? No wonder he hates the police for upholding laws. Are there any repercussions?
 	Looking GOOD @GeorgeNemeh! Elon has filed a writ of certiorari with the Supreme Court requesting a review of the process that Special Counsel Jack Smith used to obtain the Twitter records of President Trump. Yup, it is so. //JUST IN TO MY SENATE INBOX// It’s not often these days to see this caliber of student who champions TRUE NATIONAL HISTORY.  Please donate.  They have $4,000 left to raise in two days. Thank you. gofundme.com/f/support-arizo… More of THIS! Winning the hearts of minds of those of us who've been left out and downtrodden.   #DisaffectedLoveTrump 🚨FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Senate Republicans Condemn Katie Hobbs for Rewarding Dysfunctional Group Home Millions in Taxpayer Dollars After Receiving Campaign Donations Full Statement: azsenaterepublicans.gov/post… EXPOSE EXPOSE EXPOSE Do not mess with the Arizona Senate’s role of ADVICE & CONSENT!
 	Don’t forget Harris helped raise bail money for the rioters. Harris/Walz should be here on be referred to as the Bail/Burn ticket.  Harris helped raise money to bail out BLM rioters while Walz allowed his state to burn.  #FlaPol
 	Remember: Kamala VP finalist Minnesota Gov. @GovTimWalz  watched Minneapolis burn to the ground during the BLM riots and set up a hotline for residents to snitch on each other during COVID. Sounds like a perfect pick. Welcome to the race, Tim Walz! Let’s make sure America knows who you are. You helped ignite the George Floyd riots, the worst the country had seen in decades. While Minneapolis burned, you stalled on deploying the National Guard for an entire day, blaming the city for not submitting the right paperwork. You let your daughter leak the Guard's deployment plans online, so that rioters would know how long they had to loot the city with impunity. Minneapolis is a war zone because of you. Just days after the attempted murder of Donald Trump, you called him and his supporters \"fascists,\" egging on the same rhetoric that led to him being shot in the first place.  You have overseen some of the most radical youth trans surgery laws in the country. Under your leadership teenagers can get their breast chopped off and get sterilized, and your government calls it “healthcare.” You have the most radical abortion laws in the country. Zero limits. Every year 5-6 babies are BORN ALIVE and then murdered “legally” under laws you support. On immigration, you famously said you wanted to provide a “ladder” so invaders can come over Trump’s wall. You are a radical open border zealot.  You oversaw the single worst fraud of the Covid era, the Feeding Our Future case. Thanks to ineptitude at your Department of Education, criminals stole $250 million of taxpayer dollars to spend on luxury cars, houses, and vacations. Also during Covid, you approved $500 million in \"hero pay\" for frontline workers, only to have 40% of that money go to people who were ineligible or, in many cases, literally deceased. In the House, you were Pelosi’s sidekick and did whatever the Democrats demanded.  You will try and disguise yourself as a folksy midwestern moderate. In reality, you are a white male version of Kamala Harris. Radical. Inept. Undeserving to be in leadership. Make this go viral. Ruin their honeymoon. Let’s educate millions because the media will not. Governor Tim Walz of Minnesota thinks kids should be able to undergo s*x change surgery, cut off their body parts, and get sterilized and chemically castrated by injecting irreversible puberty blockers and hormones which are linked to many dangerous long-term side effects. First real mistake of Kamala campaign — picking Walz as VP. Josh Shapiro was the right choice, but Kamala let herself be bullied by left wing anti-Semites. Significantly, this makes the Democrat ticket the party of defund the police, burn down cities, and BLM. Big win for Trump. I’m stunned, honestly. The Democrat party has become so anti-Semitic that picking the Jewish candidate — the guy who would help you win the most important toss up state on the board — is unacceptable. As much as leftist mainstream media has attempted to rebrand and wash over Kamala’s record/position on issues over the last 2 weeks, this VP pick destroys all of it. She is who we think she is..a radical leftist.  Shapiro was better. Kelly was better. Beshears was better.  All too moderate. (Or in the case of Shapiro…too Jewish)  She picked the guy who let his state burn. And said it was ok because they deserved it. Tim Walz is a weird radical liberal.  What could be weirder than signing a bill requiring schools to stock tampons in boys' bathrooms? Or weirder than signing legislation allowing minors to receive sex change operations? Under Governor Tim Walz, Minnesota is a gender mutilation sanctuary state.  @WilliamLamberth @SenJohnson Always an honor to have my friend and our Governor @GovBillLee with us in Sumner County.  Great event today discussing the strength of our economy in TN at the @HvilleChamber ! FBI agents execute search warrant on Tennessee Congressman Andy Ogles, NewsChannel 5 confirms newschannel5.com/news/newsch… Story by @NC5PhilWilliams NA How long has Kamala Harris known that Joe Biden was mentally unfit? She says she will work to end inflation on \"day one\" in her scripted speeches, but \"day one\" for her was over three years ago. What's she been doing? The media ought to ask her about all of this. #wheresKamala The Biden Admin's attempt to unlawfully steer broad ACA benefits to illegal immigrants is part of a larger pattern of an administration that fails to take our constitutional institutions seriously. TN is proud to join 14 other states in this lawsuit. ➡️tn.gov/attorneygeneral/news/… 🚨BREAKING: Special counsel says Romanian oligarch paid Hunter Biden $1 Million to influence US policy when his father was Vice President So Trump agrees to do a debate on basically any channel, anytime, with whatever candidate (as they switch btwn Biden and Harris), under almost any condition (wouldn’t sit, wanted to stand with Biden). But Harris won’t debate on Fox. She’s afraid of Fox but will handle Putin. Ok. They are going to have Kamala do one debate, no interviews, and otherwise keep her on a teleprompter for the rest of the campaign. Seems clear at this point. \"I saw him standing on a five gallon bucket pressed up against the rear end of a horse,\" said this man who witnessed a disturbing act. The man accused is a repeat offender. More of this story tonight at 9 @foxnashville Tonight the capitol is lit in blue to honor my friend and our Sheriff Sonny Weatherford.  Tomorrow, he will be laid to rest and he will be sorely missed by us all.  He was a good man and a true public servant who focused every day on how to keep us safe in Sumner County. Advocates call for 'Jillian's Law' to stop repeat offender accused of animal abuse. bit.ly/3Yz56Z7 Excited to make history by bringing Major League Baseball to Tennessee for the first-ever MLB game in the state. Join us for the MLB Speedway Classic featuring the Atlanta Braves and Cincinnati Reds at @ItsBristolBaby on August 2, 2025. History will be made at The Last Great Colosseum! 📊 New Swing States polling by @trafalgar_group & @InsiderPolling  NEVADA 🟥 Trump: 48% (+3) 🟦 Harris: 45% 🟪 Other: 5% — PENNSYLVANIA  🟥 Trump: 46% (+2) 🟦 Harris: 44% 🟪 Other: 5% — WISCONSIN  🟥 Trump: 49% (+1) 🟦 Harris: 48% 🟪 Other: 2% — NORTH CAROLINA  🟥 Trump: 49% (+4) 🟦 Harris: 45% 🟪 Other: 4% — ARIZONA  🟥 Trump: 48% (+1) 🟦 Harris: 47% 🟪 Other: 4% — MICHIGAN  🟦 Harris: 49% (+2) 🟥 Trump: 47% 🟪 Other: 2% — • August 6-8 | 5,600 LV | *IA polls (MI & WI) • *Trafalgar polls (PA, AZ, NV & NC)  pollingplus.com/news/polling… BREAKING: Imane Khalif, a male, just won a gold medal in women’s boxing. What a time to be alive Excited to welcome @MLB to @ItsBristolBaby and the Volunteer State next year! XY fighter Imane Khelif has won the gold medal for women’s boxing in the Paris Olympics, after beating up all the women. IOC failed women’s sports. Northern lights possible this weekend, the appetizer to summer's best meteor shower 👀fox17.com/news/offbeat/north… If new domestic violence law was in place, Lauren Johansen may be alive, lawmakers and advocates believe wsmv.com/2024/08/09/if-new-d… wkrn.com/news/local-news/tha…
 	College kids dressing like bugs? Yeah, we needed AI to depict something this ridiculous.   The University of Arizona mandates unserious DEI courses like this one, where students are instructed to “live like a bug” to better understand the experience of “marginalized” groups... 🚨 BREAKING: @AZGOP, @azfec has filed a major lawsuit against Democrat Secretary of State Adrian Fontes for critical voter roll issues! We won't stop fighting for integrity, transparency, and accountability in Arizona elections! 💥🗳️ Does @Hannah_Bolick’s wreath pair well with my door mat? LUCHA is calling us extremists? These are the lunatics that chased Kyrsten Sinema into a bathroom. 😂 This is an example of EXACTLY why we need a check and balance on the Executive Branch in Arizona. Lots of questions here that need to be answered. 🚨BREAKING: Corrupt Katie Hobbs is rewarding a dysfunctional group home, which donated money to her inauguration and to Democrat politics, by paying the facility MILLIONS OF YOUR HARD-EARNED TAX DOLLARS as a return favor. Read more: azcentral.com/story/news/pol… New Intersectional Crusade: Fighting ANTI-BUG BIGOTRY University of Arizona DEI class forces college students to “live like a bug,” “walking around with tissue paper ‘wings’” as part of effort to better understand how “attitudes of othering interfere with self-identity and foster systems of privilege or oppression/marginalization” DEI isn’t just discriminatory and destructive.  It’s infantilizing of students and an embarrassment to once great institutions.  🧵 and Full Report on UA’s DEI radicalism h/t my colleague @TimMinella @conceptualjames @inezfeltscher @sfmcguire79 @johndsailer @endwokeness @JasonBedrick @realchrisrufo 🚨FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Court Rules Katie Hobbs Violated State Law by Failing to Nominate Directors for Senate Confirmation Full Statement: azsenaterepublicans.gov/post… In light of today’s reporting by @azcentral reporter @sbarchenger, I sent the following letter to the AZ Department of Child Safety in regards to the potential $400,000 pay-for-play scandal developing in the Office of Governor Hobbs.
 	Bipartisan group takes credit for spiking sports betting in 2024 Minnesota Legislature startribune.com/bipartisan-g… \"The resolve of this coalition of progressives and at least one social conservative contradicts the post-session narrative that a sports betting legalization bill had been agreed upon\" #mnleg The negative impact on all far outweighs the profits of a few.  startribune.com/bipartisan-g… 
 Topic 4: 
 	 Today marks the start of Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15 – October 15)! The Hispanic communities' history, achievements, and cultures continue to shape LA and our nation. Join LA County in not limiting celebrating Hispanic heritage to one month. To learn more, visit LA County Library's reading list: lacountylibrary.org/hispanic…. For upcoming Hispanic Heritage Month events at your County park, visit parks.lacounty.gov/hhm/.
 	During Hispanic Heritage Month, let's celebrate the rich history, culture, achievements, & contributions of the Latino community that continues to help shape our nation. September is Passport Month! Take advantage of special events, including evenings & weekends, to apply for or renew your passport. Find an event near you ⬇️ travel.state.gov/content/tra…
 	Don't miss this opportunity to save on your back-to-school essentials. Certain restrictions apply, and items sold online are also eligible. For more details, visit bit.ly/3CceVzF. Get ready for Tennessee's traditional sales tax holiday! From 12:01 a.m. on Friday, July 26, 2024, to 11:59 p.m. on Sunday, July 28, 2024, you can shop tax-free for clothing, school supplies, and computers. Don't forget! Until 11:59 p.m. on Sunday, July 28, 2024, you can shop tax-free for clothing, school supplies, and computers. Don't miss this opportunity to save on your back-to-school essentials. For more details, visit bit.ly/3CceVzF.
 	Celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month! Join me in honoring the rich history, culture, and contributions of Hispanic and Latino Americans. Let's come together to recognize the vibrant heritage that shapes our community. #HispanicHeritageMonth #CelebrateDiversity Feliz Día de la Independencia! Celebrating the rich culture and history of Mexico. #MexicanIndependenceDay
 	Restaurants can sign up for Summer Restaurant Week by completing a short online form available at burlingtoncountynj.formstack… There’s no charge to participate and restaurants are not required to create specials or discounts. Sign up today! Attn Restaurants! Burlington County Summer Restaurant Week will take place Sun Aug 18 – Sat Aug 24, and all BurlCo restaurants, cafes, breweries, distilleries and food trucks are invited to participate.
 	Happy Hispanic Heritage Month, San Diego!  From September 15th - October 15th, we celebrate #HispanicHeritageMonth! This month is filled with celebrations, culture, history, and more!  Celebrate by visiting Old Town this month!
 	❤️🥰💪🏾 In alignment with the Extreme Heat Response Procedures, some schools in #Philly will do a three-hour early dismissal on Tuesday, August 27 and Wednesday, August 28.  Learn more about Extreme Heat Response Procedures: philasd.org/inclement-weathe… From @RepMcClinton !!!  . . . My office will be providing FREE school supplies to students in the William Penn School District TOMORROW at Park Lane Elementary School!  We want ALL of my #YoungestConstituents to be ready for school! If your child is a student in the William Penn School District, come out TOMORROW and get some free supplies! Once items are gone, they are GONE!  For more information contact my office at 215-748-6712 or RepMcClinton@pahouse.net.  📌📎📗🖋️🗒️📋📏📚✏️📓📖 My office, @CouncilmemberJG & @Kingsaladeenart will be providing FREE school supplies for Philly students TODAY at my district office!  Once items are gone, they are GONE!  For more information contact my office. My offices will be closed tomorrow and Monday for Labor Day. Feel free to leave a message or send us an email and someone will respond to you at our earliest availability.   Have a safe and happy Labor Day weekend!
 	🎉Happy #HispanicHeritageMonth Chicago! This year we're celebrating with extra pride as we saw Barrio Borikén (also known as \"Puerto Rico Town\") officially recognized as a State-Designated Cultural District! 🇵🇷Located in the heart of #HumboldtPark, Barrio Borikén honors— 🧵(1/2) 📍the rich indigenous Taíno roots of PR, preserving the history & traditions that have shaped our community. This designation was announced in Feb & comes with opportunities for economic dev & cultural preservation. Together, we can uplift our culture & invite our families home. ¡🎉Feliz #HispanicHeritageMonth! ¡Este año estamos celebrando con orgullo extra ya que vimos Barrio Borikén (también conocido como \"Puerto Rico Town\") oficialmente reconocido como un Distrito Cultural Designado por el Estado!  Localizado en #HumboldtPark Barrio Borikén honra - las ricas raíces indígenas taínas de PR preservando la historia y las tradiciones que han dado forma a nuestra comunidad. Esta designación se anunció en febrero y viene con oportunidades para desarrollo económico y la preservación cultural. Juntos podemos elevar nuestra cultura.
 	Happy Hispanic Heritage Month! This month, we celebrate the rich history, culture, and countless contributions of the Hispanic communities that have shaped our nation. From the past to the present, the impact of Hispanic heritage is felt in every corner of our society. Let’s take this time to honor and uplift the voices, stories, and traditions that continue to inspire us all. #HispanicHeritageMonth
 	Occurring in this 30 day period are the independence celebrations of Chile, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua. ¡Una mes para recordar, toda una vida para celebrar! Happy Hispanic Heritage Month! Celebrated between Sept. 15 and Oct.15 each year, Hispanic Heritage Month commemorates the history, traditions, and achievements of Latinos in our nation, state, and local communities.
 	During Hispanic Heritage Month, we celebrate the rich history, culture and contributions of the Latino community! This month is a reminder that diversity is our strength and that we should take pride in the different stories that make up our nation.
 	Happy Hispanic Heritage Month! #DidYouKnow this celebration kicks off on September 15 every year because it is when Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua all celebrate their independence? Learn more at housedems.info/3MAVXb6. #HispanicHeritageMonth
 	Join our Constituent Service Mobile Office this Friday, July 26th from 12PM-4PM!   📍Borinquen Plaza Senior Center 80 Seigel Street, Brooklyn, NY 11206 🗓️Friday, July 26th from 12PM-4PM My office held Mobile Constituent Office Hours outside Diana Jones Senior Center last week to hear from our community residents and connect them with resources. Catch us in front of Borinquen Plaza Senior Center this week! Today my office held Mobile Constituent Services outside Borinquen Plaza Senior Center, speaking with residents in the area and sharing informative literature with them. Stay tuned for more information on our next Mobile Constituent Office Hours!
 	During Hispanic Heritage Month, I celebrate the rich history, culture and contributions of the Latino community. This time gives us the opportunity to take pride in their achievements and impacts that have shaped our nation.
 	During Hispanic Heritage Month, I celebrate the rich history, culture and contributions of the Latino community. This time gives us the opportunity to take pride in their achievements and impacts that have shaped our nation.
 	COOLING CENTERS ACTIVATED beginning Monday June 17! With temps  predicted to soar into the 90’s this week  we will open Cooling Centers! Monday, 6/17 to Friday 6/21—hours will be 8 AM to 7 PM with the exception of Wednesday-Juneteenth Holiday—hours on Wednesday will be 12-7 PM.
 	During Hispanic Heritage Month, I celebrate the rich history, culture and contributions of our Latino community. This time gives us the opportunity to take pride in our achievements and the positive impact we have in our nation.
 	Join us next week to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month at United Palace with @nyccomptroller on October 9th! RSVP using the information in the flyer or the link in my bio. ¡Únase a nosotros la próxima semana para celebrar el Mes de la Herencia Hispana en United Palace con @nyccomptroller el 9 de octubre! Confirme su asistencia utilizando la información del folleto o el enlace en mi biografía.
 	🚧 WEEKEND RESTRICTIONS 🚧 on the I-10 Broadway Curve Project. WB I-10 will close between Loop 202 and US 60 from 10 p.m. Fri., Sept. 27, to 4 a.m. Mon., Sept. 30, for a traffic shift.  Visit the project website or download The Curve app for more details.
 	This month we celebrate the vibrant culture, rich history and invaluable contributions of the Hispanic community. From music and art to food and traditions, #NationalHispanicHertiageMonth is an opportunity to honor the deep roots of Florida’s Hispanic history. 
 Topic 5: 
 	 “Donald, you have protected my kind. I hereby name you honorary feline and grant you 9 lives.” She’s baaaaaaack! And triggered like usual. Best Governor in America. Will vote for you in 4 years. 😂 you go back to the 1990’s to find that picture? Kamala Harris ads on Fox News article about Trump assassination attempt. She’s spending ALOT of money online. NEW: The Trump Campaign drops new ad of Democrat leaders using violent rhetoric against him after the 2nd attempt on his life.     The ad started with Kamala Harris \"joking\" about k*lling Trump in an elevator.     The ad also featured Madonna, Joe Biden, Nancy Pelosi, Hillary Clinton, Maxine Waters, and others. Trump also lashed out against Democrats for their rhetoric in a TRUTH post. \"Because of this Communist Left Rhetoric, the bullets are flying, and it will only get worse!\" If Donald Trump is held responsible for Jan. 6 because of his allegations that the 2020 election was stolen, is it unfair, after two assassination attempts, to hold responsible the Democrats who have ceaselessly claimed Trump is a threat to democracy? Yesterday, Donald J. Trump nearly lost his life. An armed gunman waited for him in the bushes. He brought a go-pro camera to record it. A secret service agent spotted the barrel of a gun through a fence and shot at the gunman. The gunman fled. He was caught. And now we slowly learn about him and his motive. President Trump is my running mate, and my friend, but he is more importantly a father and grandfather to people who love him very much. I want him to have many more years with his family. (And selfishly, I'd like many more with my own.) I admire the president for calling for peace and calm. The rhetoric is out of control. It nearly got Steve Scalise and many others killed a few years ago. It nearly got Donald Trump killed twice. But I want to say something about yesterday's news, and how it illuminates the difference between vigorous debate and violent rhetoric. Here is what we know so far: Kamala Harris has said that \"Democracy is on the line\" in her race against President Trump. The gunman agreed, and used the exact same phrase. He had a Kamala Harris bumper sticker on his truck. He was obsessed with Ukraine's \"fight for Democracy\" and absorbed many unhinged views about the Russia-Ukraine war. HIs name is Ryan Routh, and he donated 19 times to Democrat causes and zero to Republican ones. How do you think the Democrats and their media allies would respond if a 19-time Republican donor tried to kill a Democratic official? It's a question that answers itself. For years, Kamala Harris's campaign surrogates have said things like \"Trump has to be eliminated.\" And how have their media allies responded to the second assassination attempt on Donald Trump in as many months? NBC News called the attempted assassination a \"golf club incident.\" The LA Times told us \"Trump Targeted at Golf Club.\" The USA Today's top of the fold headline is \"Hope in America,\" and they published a preposterous letter to the editor arguing that Trump \"brings these assassination attempts on himself.\" CNN's Dana Bash--who just yesterday bizarrely accused me of inciting a bomb threat--said today that Harris campaign rhetoric didn't motivate Routh even though he echoed their rhetoric explicitly. PBS's weekend show perfectly illustrates the double standard of Kamala Harris's media friends. After spending 30 seconds on the second assassination attempt on President Trump, they then focused on the real danger: me and President Trump, who are, according to them, personally responsible for bomb threats against Springfield. Of course, I repeatedly condemend those threats. And reports today suggest they came from a foreign country, not--as the media suggested--a deranged Trump fan. The double standard is breathtaking. Donald Trump and I are, by their account, directly responsible for bomb threats from foreign countries.  Why? Because we had the audacity to repeat what residents told us about the problems in their town. Meanwhile, Harris allies call for Trump to be eliminated as the media publishes arguments that he deserved to be shot. This seems like a double standard. But at a deep level, it is entirely consistent. Consider Springfield. Citizens are telling us that there are problems. These include the undeniable truths of higher car accidents, unaffordable housing, evictions of residents, overcrowded hospitals, overstressed schools, and rising rates of disease. They also include the infamous pet stories--which, again, multiple people have spoken about (either on video or to me or my staff). Kamala Harris's first strategy was to ignore these people and their concerns. Yes, she had prevented the deportation of millions of illegal aliens, and some of them made their way to Springfield. But it was a small town with no voice. Some of the local leadership even loved the cheap labor. So the suffering of thousands of American citizens went ignored. Their next move with these stories is censorship. In Springfield, a psychopath (or a foreign government) calls in a bomb threat, so they blame that on President Trump (and me). The threat of violence is disgraceful of course, yet the media seems to relish it. They cover a bomb threat, but not the rise in murders. They cover the threat, but not the HIV uptick. They cover the threat, not the schools overwhelmed with new kids who don't speak English. They cover the threat, not rising insurance rates or the car accidents that caused them. They cover the threat, not the failures of Kamala Harris's leadership. The purpose is not to turn down the rhetoric. If anything, covering the bomb threats gives whoever makes them exactly what he wants: attention. The purpose is distraction and shame. How dare you talk about the problems of Haitian migration in Springfield? You're endangering people, simply by discussing the problems of Kamala Harris's policies. It's a form of moral blackmail, designed not to make anyone safe but to shut everyone up. Springfield is the most recent, but hardly the most egregious example. There was the Hunter Biden laptop story, censored by BigTech. And who can forget that anyone who didn't support Kamala Harris's Ukraine policy was drenched in the blood of Ukrainian children. That last one appears to have had some effect on Routh--the most recent would-be assassin. The message is always the same: don't you dare express an opinion on the public affairs of your nation. The message is: shut up. This is the difference between debate--even aggressive debate--and censorship. It is one thing to attack Kamala Harris for \"destroying the country\" and quite another to say that President Trump should be \"eliminated.\" It is one thing to criticize overheated rhetoric, and another to say that a former president has invited an assassination on himself. It is one thing to say that Donald J. Trump's arguments about the election of 2020 are wrong; it is another thing to attempt to remove him from the ballot over it. It is one thing to say that pets are not, in fact being eaten, and another thing to say that anyone who disagrees is trying to murder people. Dissent, even vigorous dissent, is a great tradition of the United States. Censorship is not. For the next 7 weeks of this campaign, I will vigorously defend your right to speak your mind. I believe you have every right to criticize me and Donald J. Trump, even if you say terrible or untrue things about us. But when I ask you to \"tone down the rhetoric\" it's not about being nice--our citizens have every right to be mean, even if I don't like it--or empty platitudes. Instead, I'm asking all of us to reject censorship. Reject the idea that you can control what other people think and say. Embrace persuasion of your fellow citizens over silencing them--either through the powers of Big Tech or through moral blackmail. I think this will make our public debate much better. But there's something else. Reject censorship and you reject political violence. Embrace censorship, and you will inevitably embrace violence on its behalf. The reason is simple. The logic of censorship leads directly to one place, for there is only one way to permanently silence a human being: put a bullet in his brain.
 	BREAKING: Trump just said Kamala Harris is currently facilitating the largest wave of s*x trafficking and human trafficking in history He's not holding back anymore!🔥 \"325,000 migrant children are missing... Many of them are dead. Many of them are s*x slaves and slaves of different nature.\" Donald Trump issued a grave warning, claiming that as Attorney General, Kamala Harris downgraded child s*x trafficking to a nonviolent crime, and now, as Vice President, she’s facilitating the largest child trafficking operation in U.S. history. When is enough enough? Trump played this on screen at his rally 🤣 “The FBI raided my home in Florida and searched through my personal belongings. This is not just my story, it serves as a warning to all Americans, a reminder that our freedom and rights must be respected.” washingtontimes.com/news/202… NA BREAKING: Donald Trump *was* the intended target of the shots fired at Trump International Golf Club according to CNN. Agents opened fire on a man who was at the Trump International Golf Course after they saw what appeared to be a gun according to the NYP. \"Officials believe the shots fired at Trump International Golf Club were intended for former President Donald Trump, according to sources familiar on the matter,\" CNN reported. \"Sources said the Secret Service spotted a suspicious individual on the Trump International Golf Course West Palm Beach, and opened fire when agents saw what appeared to be the barrel of a gun,\" the New York Post reported. Senator Lindsey Graham says he spoke with Trump after the incident. \"Just spoke with President Trump. He is one of the strongest people I’ve ever known. He’s in good spirits and he is more resolved than ever to save our country.\" The following video filmed by @realDerekUtley shows a heavy police presence on the roads leading to the golf club. BREAKING: Donald Trump was tackled by Secret Service agents when he was on the 5th hole after \"pops\" rang out.      According to Fox News, Trump was getting ready to putt when the incident unfolded.      The revelation came from Fox News' Sean Hannity who has spoken to Trump multiple times since the incident at Trump International Golf Club. \"They heard 'pop, pop, pop, pop.' And Steve went into great specificity and great detail as to what happened. \"Within seconds, the Secret Service pounced on the president and covered him. You had sn*pers with tripods. They knew the direction where the shots had been fired, and they had eyes on the location where the shots had been fired.\" Sources I spoke with informed me that the USSS advance team was scouting the holes ahead of President Trump as he was golfing. Agents spotted the suspect in the tree line in possession of a semi-automatic rifle which they believe to be an AK-47 or similar. The agents either exchanged fire with him, or else it was only the agents shooting at the suspect—this remains unclear. The suspect immediately fled into the trees and initially managed to evade agents, but was quickly apprehended and is now in law enforcement custody. NA Praying for President  @realDonaldTrump !!
 	BREAKING: Donald Trump *was* the intended target of the shots fired at Trump International Golf Club according to CNN. Agents opened fire on a man who was at the Trump International Golf Course after they saw what appeared to be a gun according to the NYP. \"Officials believe the shots fired at Trump International Golf Club were intended for former President Donald Trump, according to sources familiar on the matter,\" CNN reported. \"Sources said the Secret Service spotted a suspicious individual on the Trump International Golf Course West Palm Beach, and opened fire when agents saw what appeared to be the barrel of a gun,\" the New York Post reported. Senator Lindsey Graham says he spoke with Trump after the incident. \"Just spoke with President Trump. He is one of the strongest people I’ve ever known. He’s in good spirits and he is more resolved than ever to save our country.\" The following video filmed by @realDerekUtley shows a heavy police presence on the roads leading to the golf club. CNN now reporting that the shots were in fact intended for President Trump. Authorities recovered a backpack with a GoPro camera and an AK-47. This contradicts other reporting that suggested this was gunfire between two individuals outside the club and not intended for Trump. Has there ever been in the history of the United States two attempts on a president or candidate's life in such a short amount of time? You'll note there wasn't even a pause in the \"Trump's a facist\" rhetoric following the first attempt. Will there be now? The NY Post has walked back its original report that said President Trump was not the target. The article has been updated to this: “Initial reports suggested two people were firing at each other. However, sources said investigators now believe the Secret Service agent was the only shooter.” They're not imbeciles, which makes it much worse. You say a day before it occurs. Not much of an intellectual own. Why don't you participate? I'm offering access to a live discussion with a sitting state representative five days a week for anyone willing to engage in good faith debate. Where else can you get that? Sources I spoke with informed me that the USSS advance team was scouting the holes ahead of President Trump as he was golfing. Agents spotted the suspect in the tree line in possession of a semi-automatic rifle which they believe to be an AK-47 or similar. The agents either exchanged fire with him, or else it was only the agents shooting at the suspect—this remains unclear. The suspect immediately fled into the trees and initially managed to evade agents, but was quickly apprehended and is now in law enforcement custody. After recent revealed test scores showing our students remain underserved despite \"historic funding\" for Minnesota's public schools, we may reasonably ask - why? Well. They're focused on teaching Marxist racial theory and training activists. 🧵 invidious.tiekoetter.com/shorts/y5VYNgapU… The transformation of schools from centers of education to centers of indoctrination is justified in part by the absurd notion that we've never taught anything about race before. invidious.tiekoetter.com/shorts/Z8q6Ircze… Embedded within \"ethnic studies\" are several subversive notions, including the idea that \"criminality itself is racist.\" That's right. The very concept of \"crime\" is inherently racist. That's what they're teaching in Minnesota schools. invidious.tiekoetter.com/shorts/Zw9E-2CPn… Toward the end of the last century, we had nearly achieved MLK's dream of a world where we were judged by content of the character. We've been dragged backwards, aggressively. Why? invidious.tiekoetter.com/shorts/ZMm6aeLmU… Students are being taught to \"disrupt and dismantle America's fundamental political and social institutions.\" invidious.tiekoetter.com/shorts/qCtwiXXnc… \"Right now I feel like MAGA in general, they are threats to us domestically\" - Rep Jasmine Crockett (D) this morning A few hours later someone tried to kiII Trump. The only deconstruction occurring here is the clumsy attempt to reduce and misinterpret a point which Vance clarified in real-time. It's the opposite of journalism, which seeks to accurately present both content and intention with context. The only deconstruction occurring here is the clumsy attempt to reduce and misinterpret a point which Vance clarified in real-time. It's the opposite of journalism, which seeks to accurately present both content and intention with context. How many attempts on Trump’s life will it take before the left is recognized as the side of hate, devision, and violence? Trump just survived another assassination attempt. Your friendly reminder that Tim Walz called Trump a \"threat to Democracy\" and a \"fascist\" who will \"put people's lives in danger\" just weeks after he survived his first assassination attempt. I'm voting for the man who has now been targeted multiple times for assassination and imprisonment!  51 days to go! 🫡🇺🇲 #MAGA #Trump2024  Join the fight:  trumpforce47.com  protectthevote.com Will @drmoore, @DavidAFrench (and the many church leaders who echo them) now condemn the left constantly calling @realDonaldTrump a threat to democracy, now that there have been TWO attempts to assassinate him? Or will they continue to go silent when the violence is against Trump and his supporters? During the first attempt on @realDonaldTrump’s life, CNN and the Atlantic blamed HIM. Now MSNBC is blaming him for a second attempt to kill him. These are hate-filled people. They are everything they accuse others of being. We often don’t know what kind of rhetoric drives would-be killers. Here, we do. The alleged shooter directly echoing the corporate media that Trump is such a threat to democracy. “Democracy is in the ballot,” he says, and we cannot afford” to allow Trump to be elected. The pivot begins. This is a professed conservative who founded a supposedly conservative organization - @Principles_1st One of their espoused principles is \"The Constitution and the rule of law are paramount.\" That apparently doesn't apply to the Second Amendment. You're pivoting to gun control within a couple hours of an attempt on the president's life, the second in as many months. Speaks for itself. Not to mention, claiming that \"people want to violate the Constitution\" and \"violating the Constitution is popular\" are not particularly compelling arguments, certainly not principled. I think we should keep psychos off the street. Problem solved. He deserved it. That's the line they're going with. nitter.tiekoetter.com/charliekirk11/status/1… We don't. We prohibit certain persons from possessing firearms. Yet they continue to do so. This is largely because leftist prosecutors won't hold them accountable. It's weird until you realize it's not about safety. It's about disarming law-abiding patriotic citizens. oH mY gOd, iT's sO eXhaUstInG Trump endures second attempt on his life, and it's reduced to \"drama\" by the Lincoln Project crowd. When they show you who they are, believe them. 😆 'kay Let's pretend you meant enforcing existing law. Another way of reading this is, \"If he would just go away, we wouldn't have to keep trying to get him killed.\" Literally the narrative. We don't have to imagine. They tell us every day in explicit terms. Good moment to remind everyone of this. This was @MSNBC mere days ago.
 	🚨Wow. Just hours after the second assassination attempt on President Trump and CBS is using their @60Minutes show to attack him as a “threat to democracy” over January 6th. No matter how you hate the corporate media, it’s not enough. The State of Florida will be conducting its own investigation regarding the attempted assassination at Trump International Golf Club.   The people deserve the truth about the would be assassin and how he was able to get within 500 yards of the former president and current GOP nominee. CBS ran a January 6th segment on their 60 Minutes program attacking Trump within hours of an ass*ss*nation attempt on his life, telling their viewers that he’s a threat to Democracy. They want another attempt. These people are despicable When you’ve lost ABC….damn you know it’s bad 🚨 BREAKING 🚨  Kamala Harris’ running mate Tim Walz is officially under investigation for connections to the CCP
 	🚨 #BREAKING: Officials believe the shots fired at Trump International Golf Club were intended for former President Donald Trump, according to sources familiar on the matter (CNN) THEY TRIED TO K*LL HIM AGAIN. HOW HAS THIS HAPPENED TWICE NOW? Why are people able to get within range of President Trump with firearms??! WE NEED ANSWERS NOW! President Trump's round of golf was NOT on any public schedule.  How did the suspect know Trump was golfing there today? How did he get a semi-automatic rifle so close to the president?
 	Absolutely love the Democrats trying to claim the alleged assassin's politics are unclear.  Aside from his @BulwarkOnline neoconservatism, he begged Biden to beat Trump just 5 months ago because - echoing every liberal pundit - \"DEMOCRACY is on the ballot.\" Huge mystery. REMINDER: Just a few days ago Kamala told her supporters that Trump is responsible for the biggest attack on our Democracy since the Civil War.  Today someone tried to ass*ss*nate him. The State of Florida will be conducting its own investigation regarding the attempted assassination at Trump International Golf Club.   The people deserve the truth about the would be assassin and how he was able to get within 500 yards of the former president and current GOP nominee. Just yesterday, @jrpsaki had @JasmineForUS on to pronounce that Trump and his supporters are the precise \"enemies: foreign or domestic\" that the Constitution requires everyone to do what they must to crush it:
 	Again folks!  SHOTS FIRED at Trump Golf Course in West Palm Beach, Florida. An AK-47 was discovered in the bushes, per local law enforcement. The Trump campaign has released a statement confirming former President Trump is safe. A suspect has reportedly been apprehended. The times we are in… Praise God President Trump is safe. Don’t trust the feds  Florida should investigate
 	If you were to ask what caused me to change my tune about President Trump from 2016 to 2020, I could give you a few reasons. But what we're seeing in Springfield really drives it home.  Housing costs skyrocketing. Communicable diseases on the rise. Car accidents, crime, and insurance premiums moving up. Citizens complaining for months (or longer) and mostly ignored. But it's not just what's hapening, it's the way our leadership responds to it. Confronted with many of their citizens begging for relief, our broken elites offer only scorn.  \"It is racist,\" they tell us, to get angry at being unable to afford a home, or to complain about being unable to drive a car safely down the streets paved by your neighbors,  or to call 911 because strangers are slaughtering geese in a public park.  They have ignored this town's problems for years.  Now, they pay attention--not to focus their considerable wealth and power on helping their fellow citizens.  But to use their platform as a weapon against those who dare to notice that their lives have gotten worse.  \"They are here legally,\" they tell us. Yes, they are here legally because Kamala Harris granted Temporary Protective Status to 100,000 Haitians. But Kamala Harris waving the magic amnesty wand is not a justification for the presence of 20,000 newcomers in Springfield. It is an indictment of her despicable open border.  Nothing justifies violence or the threat of violence levied against Springfield or its residents. We condemn both. But the existence of threats doesn't justify silencing those who wish to petition their leadership for a better life. There is no heckler's veto in our country. Donald Trump was shot in the head, and yet they still call him a \"threat to democracy.\"  Yet it is Kamala Harris who is a threat to democracy. It is Kamala Harris who would rather import new voters than persuade the ones who are already here. It is Kamala Harris who would rather ignore the citizens of Springfield than undo the policies that hurt them. It is Kamala Harris who would rather censor her fellow Americans than listen to them. What we are seeing from Kamala Harris and her enablers in the media is disgusting.  And there is only one person who has consistently stood up to Kamala Harris and the entire corrupt system she represents. There is only one person who has consistently fought for the people Kamala Harris laughs at or ignores.  Donald J. Trump for President. RFK Jr: “JFK spent 1,000 days in office RESISTING his military-industrial complex” “He refused to send troops to Laos. He refused to get involved in a war in 1962 … in Germany. He resisted in Cuba. He refused to send combat troops to Vietnam. He was killed November 22, 1963, one month after signing an order ordering all military advisors out of Vietnam. President Johnson remanded that order, sent 265,000 combat troops in, and it became America’s war. My father ran against that war in 1968, he also was killed in that enterprise. Then Nixon won the election and sent 560,000 troops to Vietnam.” NEW: JD Vance went on a media tour this morning and demolished the show hosts in the process. Here are the top moments: 1. Vance equates CNN's Dana Bash to a propagandist for blaming him for \"threats\" against Haitians in Springfield. 2. Vance slams the media for not caring about Springfield until people started sharing cat memes. 3. Margaret Brennan tries blaming Vance for the migrant crisis in Ohio which backfired immediately after Vance turned it on Harris. 4. Vance lectures Margaret Brennan on Trump's tax plan after she tried claiming that Republicans would never pass it. 5. JD Vance shreds Dana Bash after she kept interrupting him, calls her out for giving multiple-choice questions to Kamala Harris. Gunshots were reportedly fired in the vicinity of President Trump during his round of golf today. Praying for his continued protection! If leftists could stop trying to assassinate the next President of the United States of America, that would be great ok? Donald Trump has now experienced as many assassination attempts as Kamala has experienced interviews. 🙏🏽 🇺🇸 Correct #Trump2024Vance
 	“For he has freed my soul from death, my eyes from tears, my feet from stumbling. I shall walk before the Lord in the land of the living.” Ps 116:8 Again folks!  SHOTS FIRED at Trump Golf Course in West Palm Beach, Florida. An AK-47 was discovered in the bushes, per local law enforcement. The Trump campaign has released a statement confirming former President Trump is safe. A suspect has reportedly been apprehended. Shots fired near Trump: Live updates after golf course shooting usatoday.com/story/news/poli…
 	BREAKING.🚨 ABC News whistleblower swears under penalty of perjury that the Kamala Harris campaign dictated the terms of the questions during the presidential debate.  Furthermore, the Harris campaign insisted upon live \"fact checking\" of Donald Trump during the debate. ABC News \"fact checked\" Trump at least five times and did not fact check Harris once, despite the Democratic candidate telling provable lies, such as the \"fine people hoax\" and the blo*dbath hoax.\" The whistleblower signed the affidavit in New York and has sent a copy to Speaker Mike Johnson, the notarized document states.  The unnamed individual states that he or she is in possession of secret recordings that will prove that ABC News rigged the presidential debate. ABC News committed election interference. This is a MASSIVE scandal. Yes. County parties have to wake up. Donna that’s the lie they’re told by TASB but there’s no truth to it. Funds should follow kids and teachers. And still another attempt on @realDonaldTrump life.  The Feds won’t stop trying to kill him until he’s dead.  #trump usatoday.com/story/news/poli… Its purposeful. The Feds will stop at nothing to kill @realDonaldTrump. They can’t allow him to get elected. If Trump makes it to November 5th, the level of cheating by Democrats will be off the charts. #trump
 	I have been briefed on reports of gunshots fired near former President Trump and his property in Florida, and I am glad he is safe. Violence has no place in America. Gwen and I are glad to hear that Donald Trump is safe. Violence has no place in our country. It’s not who we are as a nation.
 	Imagine if the coin is flipped. An MSNBC anchor said President Trump needs to “tone down” his rhetoric after yesterday’s second assassination attempt. The liberal media propaganda machine is attacking Trump because someone tried to assassinate him. Disgusting.
 	👌 The 2nd Trump assassination attempt suspect was all over the FBI’s radar, the media’s radar and the State Department’s radar. He was a Ukraine radical with an extensive rap sheet. How was a roofer from North Carolina travelling to Ukraine, Hawaii, DC and Palm Beach? And how was he so easily able to show up at the right place at the right time? What country? Why won’t he name them? This is the kind of rhetoric that is fueling the psychos to attempt the assassination of President Trump
 	Yesterday, Donald J. Trump nearly lost his life. An armed gunman waited for him in the bushes. He brought a go-pro camera to record it. A secret service agent spotted the barrel of a gun through a fence and shot at the gunman. The gunman fled. He was caught. And now we slowly learn about him and his motive. President Trump is my running mate, and my friend, but he is more importantly a father and grandfather to people who love him very much. I want him to have many more years with his family. (And selfishly, I'd like many more with my own.) I admire the president for calling for peace and calm. The rhetoric is out of control. It nearly got Steve Scalise and many others killed a few years ago. It nearly got Donald Trump killed twice. But I want to say something about yesterday's news, and how it illuminates the difference between vigorous debate and violent rhetoric. Here is what we know so far: Kamala Harris has said that \"Democracy is on the line\" in her race against President Trump. The gunman agreed, and used the exact same phrase. He had a Kamala Harris bumper sticker on his truck. He was obsessed with Ukraine's \"fight for Democracy\" and absorbed many unhinged views about the Russia-Ukraine war. HIs name is Ryan Routh, and he donated 19 times to Democrat causes and zero to Republican ones. How do you think the Democrats and their media allies would respond if a 19-time Republican donor tried to kill a Democratic official? It's a question that answers itself. For years, Kamala Harris's campaign surrogates have said things like \"Trump has to be eliminated.\" And how have their media allies responded to the second assassination attempt on Donald Trump in as many months? NBC News called the attempted assassination a \"golf club incident.\" The LA Times told us \"Trump Targeted at Golf Club.\" The USA Today's top of the fold headline is \"Hope in America,\" and they published a preposterous letter to the editor arguing that Trump \"brings these assassination attempts on himself.\" CNN's Dana Bash--who just yesterday bizarrely accused me of inciting a bomb threat--said today that Harris campaign rhetoric didn't motivate Routh even though he echoed their rhetoric explicitly. PBS's weekend show perfectly illustrates the double standard of Kamala Harris's media friends. After spending 30 seconds on the second assassination attempt on President Trump, they then focused on the real danger: me and President Trump, who are, according to them, personally responsible for bomb threats against Springfield. Of course, I repeatedly condemend those threats. And reports today suggest they came from a foreign country, not--as the media suggested--a deranged Trump fan. The double standard is breathtaking. Donald Trump and I are, by their account, directly responsible for bomb threats from foreign countries.  Why? Because we had the audacity to repeat what residents told us about the problems in their town. Meanwhile, Harris allies call for Trump to be eliminated as the media publishes arguments that he deserved to be shot. This seems like a double standard. But at a deep level, it is entirely consistent. Consider Springfield. Citizens are telling us that there are problems. These include the undeniable truths of higher car accidents, unaffordable housing, evictions of residents, overcrowded hospitals, overstressed schools, and rising rates of disease. They also include the infamous pet stories--which, again, multiple people have spoken about (either on video or to me or my staff). Kamala Harris's first strategy was to ignore these people and their concerns. Yes, she had prevented the deportation of millions of illegal aliens, and some of them made their way to Springfield. But it was a small town with no voice. Some of the local leadership even loved the cheap labor. So the suffering of thousands of American citizens went ignored. Their next move with these stories is censorship. In Springfield, a psychopath (or a foreign government) calls in a bomb threat, so they blame that on President Trump (and me). The threat of violence is disgraceful of course, yet the media seems to relish it. They cover a bomb threat, but not the rise in murders. They cover the threat, but not the HIV uptick. They cover the threat, not the schools overwhelmed with new kids who don't speak English. They cover the threat, not rising insurance rates or the car accidents that caused them. They cover the threat, not the failures of Kamala Harris's leadership. The purpose is not to turn down the rhetoric. If anything, covering the bomb threats gives whoever makes them exactly what he wants: attention. The purpose is distraction and shame. How dare you talk about the problems of Haitian migration in Springfield? You're endangering people, simply by discussing the problems of Kamala Harris's policies. It's a form of moral blackmail, designed not to make anyone safe but to shut everyone up. Springfield is the most recent, but hardly the most egregious example. There was the Hunter Biden laptop story, censored by BigTech. And who can forget that anyone who didn't support Kamala Harris's Ukraine policy was drenched in the blood of Ukrainian children. That last one appears to have had some effect on Routh--the most recent would-be assassin. The message is always the same: don't you dare express an opinion on the public affairs of your nation. The message is: shut up. This is the difference between debate--even aggressive debate--and censorship. It is one thing to attack Kamala Harris for \"destroying the country\" and quite another to say that President Trump should be \"eliminated.\" It is one thing to criticize overheated rhetoric, and another to say that a former president has invited an assassination on himself. It is one thing to say that Donald J. Trump's arguments about the election of 2020 are wrong; it is another thing to attempt to remove him from the ballot over it. It is one thing to say that pets are not, in fact being eaten, and another thing to say that anyone who disagrees is trying to murder people. Dissent, even vigorous dissent, is a great tradition of the United States. Censorship is not. For the next 7 weeks of this campaign, I will vigorously defend your right to speak your mind. I believe you have every right to criticize me and Donald J. Trump, even if you say terrible or untrue things about us. But when I ask you to \"tone down the rhetoric\" it's not about being nice--our citizens have every right to be mean, even if I don't like it--or empty platitudes. Instead, I'm asking all of us to reject censorship. Reject the idea that you can control what other people think and say. Embrace persuasion of your fellow citizens over silencing them--either through the powers of Big Tech or through moral blackmail. I think this will make our public debate much better. But there's something else. Reject censorship and you reject political violence. Embrace censorship, and you will inevitably embrace violence on its behalf. The reason is simple. The logic of censorship leads directly to one place, for there is only one way to permanently silence a human being: put a bullet in his brain. Happy Constitution Day!  On this day 237 years ago, history was made. On September 17, 1787, 39 delegates to Constitutional Convention signed the greatest political document ever written, the United States Constitution.  I love this quote from the Father of the Constitution, James Madison. As we continue to move our country forward, my hope is that America may continue to see success in the outlook of Madison's vision. Thanks to the cat memes from Trump’s most viral line of the presidential debate last week, most Americans have now heard about the migrant crisis in Springfield, OH. You may even have heard about the impact of government-sponsored migration in Sylacauga, AL, Charleroi, PA, and other small towns across America. We know that these communities are not alone. In Biden’s America, every town is now a border town. The Biden Administration has also pushed forward a “Humanitarian Parole Program” that allowed 30,000 migrants per month to come in from Cuba, Haiti, Venezuela, and Nicaragua. Over the past four years, the Biden-Harris administration has coordinated with greedy liberal NGO’s, who masquerade as humanitarian or even Christian organizations, to place over 100,000 Haitian migrants in these and other American communities under “temporary protected status.” However, these migrants are unvetted and there is no end in sight for their “temporary” status living in this country. The program was paused after more than 100,000 cases of fraud were discovered in the first few months. This program was restarted a few days ago. This is a live issue that places South Carolinians at risk. Some of these NGOs that sponsor and resettle migrants in the US operate in South Carolina, in coordination with the federal Office of Refugee Resettlement. That is why today I am asking Governor @henrymcmaster to promise to refuse any federal grants that would be used to resettle aliens in South Carolina. He has the power to refuse any federal funds that are not mandated by statute. These NGO resettlement programs place a strain on social services, as well as the safety of communities when it comes to people who have not been vetted for criminal backgrounds, and cannot be vetted given the failed states from which they are coming to live here. While some of these migrants have criminal backgrounds, nearly all are dependent on taxpayer funded programs. Moreover, it allows businesses to undercut the wages and benefits they would otherwise have to pay American citizens to work. Government-sponsored aliens will work for half-pay or less, and all of their healthcare, housing, and food are paid for by the taxpayers. We must not let it happen here. Please, join me in urging Governor McMaster to protect South Carolinians by saying NO to this government-NGO racket that destroys American communities. The voice of the people is always helpful! This is a question for state and city officials, not Congressman Norman. He's fighting the good fight at the federal level. They need to be sent back, not fed and clothed and housed by the taxpayers.
 	My staff has been briefed by Secret Service on reports of gunshots fired near former President Trump in Florida. I’m glad there were no injuries, the former President is safe, and the suspect has been apprehended.  Violence has no place in America. This must stop.
 	It’s a relief law enforcement agents on the ground in West Palm Beach prevented anyone from harming former President Trump or those with him today. Political violence of any kind against anyone for any reason is unacceptable, and what happened must be independently investigated.
 	Relieved to hear that President Trump is safe (and apparently wanting to finish his golf game!) following an incident at his golf course, which the FBI has referred to as an assassination attempt. “Nothing will slow me down. I will NEVER SURRENDER!” — Donald Trump
 	LOOK AT THIS VIOLENT RHETORIC MADE BY THESE DEMOCRATIC LEADERS! WHO THINKS THESE PEOPLE ALSO HOLD RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ASSASS*NATION ATTEMPTS? PLEASE PASS IT ON 👉 President @realDonaldTrump meets with the Martin County Sheriff’s Office Deputies who activated the traffic stop on I-95 and took Ryan Routh into custody Karine Jean-Pierre calls President Trump a \"threat\" to democracy — two days after a deranged psycho, inspired by that very same rhetoric, tried to assassinate him KJP rages at Fox's @Pdoocy: Doocy: \"How many more assassination attempts on Donald Trump until the president, vice president, and you pick a different word other than threat?\" KJP: \"I disagree with your question.\" Two people have tried to kill President Trump. The left wants no responsibility for this, but it's their language! They are inspiring these people. I fully agree the WI Legislature needs to be more specific and not let agencies do what they want, the legislature needs to subpoena and/or impeach those agencies who do not follow existing law. Tim Walz is now claiming that Trump will \"create a new government entity that will monitor all pregnancies.\" Who actually believes this garbage?
 	Even though someone tried to assassinate Donald Trump two months ago, a man with an AK-47 rifle, ammunition, a scope, a GoPro camera and two backpacks was able to get within 400 yards of Trump’s golf club. Why? Because of Republican laws that allow “guns everywhere.” BREAKING: Mike Pence has announced that he cannot in good conscience vote for Donald Trump. Retweet to make sure every American sees this clip. UPDATE: @AGNeronha says “The inability of the Senate, at least in Sen. Zurier’s mind, to perform one of its core functions - oversight of the executive branch - effectively, ought, if true, trouble all RI’ers. We have a different job - to litigate cases..\" bostonglobe.com/2024/09/16/m…
 	Brenda and I are horrified by the second attempt on President Trump's life just two months after the assassination attempt in Butler, PA. We thank God President Trump was not harmed and law enforcement for their swift response. We cannot tolerate political violence in America. 
 Topic 6: 
 	 Full House star and wife to medal winning Olympian shares Biblical perspective on the opening ceremony in Paris. Inspiring.🙏 NA This aged well: Congratulations to @rustygrills on being elected as the District 77 nominee! Congratulations to @RepChrisTodd on being elected as the District 73 nominee! Congratulations to @78RepLittleton on being elected as the District 78 nominee! Congratulations to @RonTravis31 on being elected as the District 31 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Robert Stevens on being elected as the District 13 nominee! Congratulations to Fred Atchley on being elected as the District 12 nominee! Congratulations to @WilliamLamberth on being elected as the District 44 nominee! Congratulations to @Jodyforstaterep on being elected as the District 69 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Charlie Baum on being elected as the District 37 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. William Slater on being elected as the District 35 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Iris Rudder on being elected as the District 39 nominee! Congratulations to @KellyKeislingTN on being elected as the District 38 nominee! Congratulations to @TimRudd34 on being elected as the District 34 nominee! Congratulations to @kevinisavol on being elected as the District 24 nominee! Congratulations to @ChadBobo on being elected as the District 60 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Michael Hale on being nominated as the District 40 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Ed Butler on being elected as the District 41 nominee! Congratulations to @RyanWilliamsTN on being elected as the District 42 nominee! Congratulations to @ClarkBoydTN on being elected as the District 46 nominee! Congratulations to @JohnnyGarrett4 on being elected as the District 45 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Rush Bricken on being elected as the District 47 nominee! Congratulations to @BryanTerry4TN on being elected as the District 48 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Mike Sparks on being elected as the District 49 nominee! Congratulations to Jennifer Frensley Webb on being elected as the District 50 nominee! Congratulations to Laura Nelson on being elected as the District 52 nominee! Congratulations to Yog Nepal on being elected as the District 53 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Susan Lynn on being elected as the District 57 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Pat Marsh on being elected as the District 62 nominee! Congratulations to @JakeMcCalmonTN on being elected as the District 63 nominee! Congratulations to @GinoBulso on being elected as the District 61 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Sabi Kumar on being elected as the District 66 nominee! Congratulations to Jamie Dean Peltz on being elected as the District 67 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Clay Doggett on being elected as the District 70 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Kip Capley on being elected as the District 71 nominee! Congratulations to @KirkHaston35IU on being elected as the District 72 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Jay Reedy on being elected as the District 74 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Jeff Burkhart on being elected as the District 75 nominee! Congratulations to @BrockMartinTN on being elected as the District 79 nominee! Congratulations to @tandarby on being elected as the District 76 nominee! Congratulations to Brad Grantham on being elected as the District 80 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Debra Moody on being elected as the District 81 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Chris Hurt on being elected as the District 82 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Mark White on being elected as the District 83 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Justin Lafferty on being elected as the District 89 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Todd Warner on being elected as the District 92 nominee! Congratulations to Larry Hunter on being elected as the District 88 nominee! One of the best liberty, constitutional conservatives in the TENN Gen Assembly. Congratulations to Rep. Kevin Vaughan on being elected as the District 95 nominee! Congratulations to @RonGant  on being elected as the District 94 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Tom Leatherwood on being elected as the District 99 nominee! Congratulations to @CepickyTn64 on being elected as the District 64 nominee! Congratulations to @LeeReevesTN on being elected as the District 65 nominee! Congratulations to Renarda Renee Clariett on being elected as the District 93 nominee! Congratulations to Cecil Hale on being elected as the District 98 nominee! Congratulations to Rick Scarbrough on being elected as the District 33 nominee! Congratulations to Bud Hulsey on being elected as the District 2 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Congratulations to Timothy Hill on being elected as the District 3 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Congratulations to Renea Jones on being elected as the District 4 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Congratulations to Tim Hicks on being elected as the District 6 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to Rebecca Alexander on being elected as the District 7 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to Jerome Moon on being elected as the District 8 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to Gary Hicks on being elected as the District 9 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to Rick Eldridge on being elected as the District 10 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative @JeremyFaison4TN  on being elected as the District 11 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Fred Atchley on being elected as the District 12 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to Michele Reneau on being elected as the District 27 nominee! Congratulations to Rep. Paul Sherrell on being elected as the District 43 nominee! Congratulations to State Representative Robert Stevens on being elected as the District 13 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative @JasonZacharyTN  on being elected as the District 14 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Michelle Carringer on being elected as the District 16 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Andrew Farmer on being elected as the District 17 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative @ElaineDavis  on being elected as the District 18 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Lowell Russell on being elected as the District 21 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Dan Howell on being elected as the District 22 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Mark Cochran on being elected as the District 23 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Kevin Raper on being elected as the District 24 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative State Representative Greg Martin being elected as the  District 26 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Candidate Michele Reneau being elected as the District 27 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Monty Fritts being elected as the District 32 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Tim Rudd being elected as the District 34 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to William Slater - State Representative being elected as the District 35 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Dennis Powers being elected as the District 36 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Charlie Baum being elected as the District 37 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Kelly Keisling being elected as the District 38 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to  Michael Hale For State Representative being elected as the District 40 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Ed Butler for being elected as the District 41 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Ryan Williams for being elected as the District 42 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Paul Sherrell for being elected as the District 43 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative @WilliamLamberth  for being elected as the District 44 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative @JohnnyGarrett4  for being elected as the District 45 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative @ClarkBoydTN   for being elected as the District 46 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Rush Bricken for being elected as the District 47 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative @BryanTerry4TN  for being elected as the District 48 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Mike Sparks for being elected as the District 49 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Susan Lynn being elected as the District 57 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Jake McCalmon being elected as the District 63 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Scott Cepicky being elected as the District 64 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Congratulations to State Representative Candidate @LeeReevesTN being elected as the District 65 nominee! #VoteforLIFE #TRL #ProLife Mark your calendar now for the General Election Early Voting Wednesday, October 16 – Thursday, October 31, 2024 Authenticity will be the @GOP's essential selling point against the @DNC. @KamalaHarris, & mainstream media bias. Luckily, @realDonaldTrump personifies legitimate opposition against Harris' forged presidential rise. My latest for @HumanEvents: humanevents.com/2024/08/02/k… Thank you so much to every one in Tennessee House District 11 for taking the time to go and vote for me! Your time is precious, and that vote was a complimentary vote.  This November, I’ll be on the ballot again and I would be so grateful for your support.
 	Kris Kristofferson, Country Music Legend and 'A Star Is Born' Leading Man, Dies at 88 variety.com/2024/film/obitua… NBA Global Ambassador and Naismith Basketball Hall of Famer Dikembe Mutombo passed away today at the age of 58 from brain cancer. He was surrounded by his family. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver issued the following statement. Dikembe Mutombo will always be legendary for doing the finger wag after every block
 	Big Ass Fans opens 221,000-square-foot facility in Fort Worth. Here’s a look inside star-telegram.com/news/local… Just another day in North Texas. cbsloc.al/4g2DKAN We are praying for the men and women of the @DallasPD. A police officer was ambushed and killed and two others shot and wounded last night.  Our nation has lost another hero.  #Enoughisenough Today, we mourn the loss of Officer Darron Burks.  We will never forget his sacrifice and his heroism.  Please pray for his family, friends and the men and women of the Dallas Police Department. Our thoughts remain with our injured officers, as they continue to recover. When will the senseless violence against police officers end?!?!@DallasPD Officer Darron Burks, a HERO, was executed by a coward, & 2 other officers shot & injured. #Enough_is_enough! I & all of @fortworthpd stand with @DPDChiefGarcia & our Brothers & Sisters at #DPD \"Greater love has no one than this, than to lay down one's life for their friends.” @DallasPD Rest easy brother…we’ll take it from here.
 	“I’m an Army wife,” Rebbie responded to the Harrisburg insiders questioning her creds on running my successful senate campaign. The politicians across the desk were silenced by that brilliant remark. Army wife... standing with me through thick and thin, four combat deployments (all out of Europe without a family support network), 12 moves… 12 years out of the country, the years away, the uncertainty and sacrifice. I am blessed beyond measure to celebrate 37 years with my “Army” wife Rebbie. Happy Anniversary! Today we honor Army Staff Sgt. Mark A. Lawton who was KIA on this day in 2003.  We will never forget you, brother. Lance Cpl. Reed McKinley May Jr., of Johnstown, PA. gave his all on this day in 1967 in South Vietnam, Quang Nam province. He was enlisted with the US Marines and served with the 1st Marine Division, 1st Anti Tank  We will never forget you, brother. Today we honor Army Sgt. 1st Class Daniel E. Scheibner who was KIA on this day in 2007.  We will never forget you, brother. Pvt. 1st Class Tom Jay Bagenstose of Reading, PA. gave his all on this day in 1967 in South Vietnam, Binh Duong province. He was enlisted with the US Army and served with the 25th Infantry Division, 4th Battalion, 9th  We will never forget you, brother.
 	There is no cavalry coming.  No miracle solution. No saviors.  In the end, we, the American people-not any of our institutions-have to save our democracy by registering and voting in defense of our freedoms the next two months. We are the cavalry. The responsibility is ours. Sixty-one years ago today, 16th Street Baptist Church was bombed by the Klan, robbing four precious little girls of their lives. Addie Mae Collins, Cynthia Wesley, Carole Robertson and Carol Denise McNair were denied their futures. 61 years ago, the lives of four precious little girls were stolen when white supremacists bombed the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama. We honor their memories and remember them by name: Addie Mae Collins, Denise McNair, Carole Robertson, & Cynthia Morris Wesley.
 	My heart is heavy with the loss of Officer Wayne David. I send my deepest condolences to his family, friends, and the entire @DCPoliceDept.  His tragic passing reminds us of the sacrifices our brave officers make daily to keep our city safe. We owe them our deepest gratitude.
 	Today we honor the sacrifice of military families. Gold Star Mother’s Day recognizes the strength of the mothers who’ve lost their son or daughter in the line of duty. A grateful nation thanks you and your family for your courage, selflessness and sacrifice.
 	Richard was a family man, a man of deep faith, an adopted Cajun, and a true servant leader.  I was fortunate to know him well in all those capacities and I will cherish the memories of our friendship and his wise counsel. Our prayers and condolences are with his entire family
 	Good for them. And every other opponent should do the same. End this nonsense and protect women’s sports. Today, we honor Gold Star Families, whose loved ones made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. Your strength and resilience inspire all of us. Thank you for your loved one's service and for the support you provided. We honor and remember you and your loved ones. #GoldStarFamilies #NeverForget Texas native Kris Kristofferson has passed away at the age of 88, leaving Willie Nelson as the only living member of The Highwaymen. He wrote the song Why Me (Lord), among many others, an amazing song that reached #1 on the country charts. May he Rest in Peace.
 	Today on National POW/MIA Recognition Day, we honor the brave Americans who have served in uniform and been prisoners of war or missing in action. They are not forgotten and we are forever grateful for their service to and sacrifice for our nation.
 	On Gold Star Mother’s Day, we honor all the mothers who have lost a child in defense of our freedoms.  We will never forget their sacrifice.
 	Today, Tyre Nichols would have celebrated his 31st birthday — what would have been a joyous occasion filled with family and friends if only Memphis PD officers didn’t brutally beat Tyre to death. Our prayers are with his family today. Rest In Power, Tyre!
 	It is with deep sadness that Texas mourns the passing of Texas Highway Patrol Trooper Kevin Ramirez Vasquez, who lost his life following a traffic incident while conducting a crash investigation on September 17th. Trooper Ramirez Vasquez was not only a dedicated member of our law enforcement community but also a proud U.S. Army Veteran and graduate of Class A-23. He began his service with the Department of Public Safety in 2023, and his commitment, bravery, and integrity have left an indelible mark. Please join us in keeping his family, friends, and colleagues in your thoughts and prayers. In a selfless final act, Trooper Ramirez Vasquez donated his organs to help others in need.
 	(1/2) Today we joined @accpolice, @GBI_GA & @FBIAtlanta to announce the indictment of four individuals who we allege are responsible for the March 8, 2024, shooting death of 3-year-old Kyron Santino Zarco Smith in Athens. law.georgia.gov/press-releas… An Athens-Clarke County grand jury has indicted four men — three teenagers — on murder charges in the slaying of a 3-year-old boy who was shot while watching cartoons in his home.  ajc.com/news/georgia-news/fo…
 	One thing I have always admired about @GovWesMoore is his willingness to step up and serve others. As a military veteran who lead troops in a combat zone to his service as our 63rd Governor, @iamwesmoore has put his energy into creating opportunity for others. #ThankYouWesMoore! One last thing, @GovWesMoore is a decorated combat veteran who served with honor and distinction - we’ve got receipts: LBCMD and our military veteran members commend our Governor's honorable service to our country. @GovWesMoore OAG Featured: Meet Walter Lomax. In this edition of our YouTube series “OAG Featured,” we share the incredible journey of Walter Lomax. Wrongfully imprisoned for nearly 40 years, Walter was finally released in December 2006. Thirteen years later, he was cleared and compensated, but his story didn’t end there. Walter is now the driving force behind Maryland’s law that provides critical support to exonerees.  Watch his inspiring story of resilience and advocacy live on YouTube now: invidious.tiekoetter.com/qwerfb5cuiY #OAGFeatured #Featured #WalterLomax
 	In the week since the Georgia school shooting made national news: 1. A student was fatally shot inside a Maryland high school bathroom during a fight 2. A student was fatally shot inside Omaha Northwest High during a fight at lunch 3. A female bystander student was shot outside South Oak Cliff High during a fight at dismissal 4. Three fans in the stands at Martinsburg High were wounded during a high school football game 5. A student pointed a loaded handgun at students on a Phoenix school bus following a fight 6. A Kentucky school staff member pointed a gun at a student’s head and threatened to kill him Gun violence at schools happens every day and a story last night by CBS News explored some of the shootings at schools that don’t usually get national coverage. Shootings just outside school grounds are more frequent and claim more lives than the shootings we see on the news. These won’t be prevented with metal detectors. To keep our kids safe, we must prevent guns from falling into the wrong hands. cbsnews.com/news/school-shoo… Hilarious
 	Imagine the courage it took to say: Let them see. 69 years since the murder of Emmett Till, we reflect on our nation’s reckoning with hate – and one mother’s absolute courage to find purpose in pain. Today, let's renew our march toward a more perfect union in their memory. Happy Heavenly Birthday to Michael Jackson. 🕊️ 💜  What are 5️⃣ of your favorite songs by Michael Jackson?
 	Aldine ISD's HEAL high school celebrates opening day with inaugural class of ninth graders houstonchronicle.com/news/ho… #txlege NA
 	Milpitas native Kanak Jha was the youngest male tennis player to ever qualify for the Olympics in 2016. Since then, he's become a two-time Olympian and will be the only player from the U.S. In the table tennis singles matches at the Paris Olympics. ktvu.com/sports/2-time-table…
 	Governor Abbott's pardon of Daniel Perry, who was convicted of murdering protester Garrett Foster, is a shocking miscarriage of justice. The Texas Legislative Black Caucus is calling out the hypocrisy and demanding accountability. Stand with us against this egregious decision. 
 Topic 7: 
 	 If you put water in a vacuum (without CO2), it exists in all phases--solid, liquid, gas. Because, water has a vapor pressure independent of CO2. If you got rid of CO2 you would still have water vapor.  That CO2 molecules don't condense doesn't mean they are not taken out of the atmosphere. About 1/4 are cycled in and out of the atmosphere every year, so the 1000 years is an incredible stretch of the imagination, but one required to make the models sorta work.  Even in Antarctica, which I just looked to check on humidity and this popped up \"Because Antarctica is so dry, there is little water vapor, so its air doesn't conduct heat well.' Interesting that it doesn't say, \"with a uniform co2 concentration as equitorial regions, polar air conducts heat equally with them.\"  (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antarc…) do with that as you will.  what that cycle of water does do, independently of CO2, is move a LOT of energy very quickly to the upper atmosphere where it is released as radiation and goes on it's merry way through much less dense gasses.  so, even without the sun, you'd have some water vapor in the air, but without the sun, it wouldn't matter.  Worried that burning all of those hydrocarbons will make the world heat up? Evaporation removes that heat in seconds per day. rumble.com/vtdo6w-rain.html heat makes evaporation makes clouds make rain makes cooling  oh...the sun makes \"heat\" the marxists want to get rid of the middle caste, because they create a bridge by which competence and service to others serf's might exceed their station and rub elbows with the self-annointed \"natural superiors.\" \"useful idiots\" are those who think Marxism is about equality across the board, not just in the misery of poverty enforced in the \"idyllic\" \"feudal\" society. interesting. irrelevant to your climate irrelevance, however.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. otherwise they'd need to be responsible for their own lives, and clearly anyone who'd trust a group of unaccountable self-interested burrocrats to run their life cannot be trusted to run their own. Somewhere from the CO2 Coalition, probably an email.  I happily used your 20% and encouraged you to use 100%.  100% justifies the conclusion of \"you're climate irrelevant\", so 1/5 or 1/10th of \"climate irrelevant\" is irrelevant. But, if you need the trophy for your shelf, go ahead and call my not digging up an irrelevant reference a \"win\" and start polishing.  But, you're still climate irrelevant. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. the purpose of government is to collectively secure individual Rights. Beyond that is generally a coopted use of force for plunder. then Mark, since you're saying it's wrong, you should be willing to show me any errors as requested. I make no claims of infallibility. Also, Fascism is the collusion between government & industry, of which I am very opposed. Fascism is also a Leftist ideology based on State Power--the State being sovereign over the citizen, akin to socialism and communism. They're like the same 💩sammich with different condiments.  anyway, here's my thesis for you to identify the erroneous facts, or math, or perhaps just an explanation of how 300-million 1/2-trillionths would make any difference, since it's silly to pretend countries like China and India are going to follow through on NetZero based on Western gullibility.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I never made any claims of infallibility, that's why I requested falsification. That's how science works.  Please identify the lies:  (note, if you have an issue with 10%, please simply round up to 100% and we can pick the nits later) BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. pretty sure AlGore predicted a 6m rise by 2010. Where, I don't know. the goal posts keep moving around. let's just stick to the facts, math & conclusion of my thesis per the scientific method and we can pick the nits after you can demonstrate that my contribution or the collective contribution of  300million trillionths --300 millionths = 0.0003 (0.0003)2C = 0.0006C is worth our $3.6billion per year. ($12K/person-year) remember, you can tell the size of the man by the size of what makes him mad. Something to keep in mind as we're disucssion 1/2 part of 1/1,000,000,000,000 somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. the evidence you post is the theological equivalent of \"how many angels can dance on the head of a pin.\" My contribution to atmospheric energy is very conservatively less than a 1/2-trillionth. The details inside that 1/2-trillionth don't change the fact that my contribution is less than 1/2-trillionth. if you can't justify the estimated $12,000 per person per year to achieve \"netzero\" to achieve a 1/2-trillionth reduction in atmospheric energy then it seems yours is the grift.  While I get nothing from liberating people from the shackles of Greenism, you seem desperate to preserve your ability to be a finger-wagging climate-scold.  you decided to jump in and call me a liar, so here's your chance.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. you'll note that I've stated and cited 5Gt per year.  I don't know what Wayback machine you have Mr. Peabody, but without it, the USA cannot reduce any more than 5. The CO2 sequestration grift would be over $100billion per year per GT. If you're going to spend that kind of money you need to have a definitive goal.  If the USA went to NetZero how much would global temps change and at what cost? Here's my estimate:  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I accepted it just fine. I said to consider CO2 as contributing 100% to the ghg effect, then we can see if that's significant (it's not)  instead of 1/2-trillionth you'd get 5-trillionths per person.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. there seems to be some disagreement there also, that improbably specific number given the current ability to measure only going back to the 50's and only proxy data prior is irrelevant.  Waht is the temperature reduction if the USA or all of western civilization goes NetZero? I say it's insignificant, you refuse to answer the question.  some ballpark numbers; somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. this is a helpful table and I appreciate the confirmation.  You seem to agree with CO2Coalition.org that the uptick in CO2 ppm is anthropogenic.  But the important question is how much that effects atmospheric energy.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I'm just waiting for you to falsify the data instead of flapping your gums somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I actually don't contradict any of them. I just put my contribution into perspective with the 3286 confirmed by the \"very good at science\" dude.  tell me where I contradict:  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. maybe, but for now we can use CO2 at 100% and just multiply applicably by 10 and the logical conclusion remains \"climate irrelevant\" or \"1/10th of climate irrelvant\" if I felt I needed to seek clarification with Dr. Happer regarding the interpretation you were fed. You could probably request clarification via CO2Coalition.org and possibly learn something instead of just regurgitating.  so, 10 1/2-trillionths is not irrelevant enough, I'll work with Dr. Happer on some fine-tuning of my math.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. warmer is what you'd expect when recovering from an \"ice age\" I'm sorry you're not a climate god.  maybe you could find a hobby beyond finger-wagging climate-scold. Ok. then we're higher now. Well below an optimum for plants. Atmospheric energy is the issue though, not how fast plants will grow.  here's my estimate of my contribution to atmospheric energy. I think it is very conservatively high. What is your estimate of YOUR contribution to atmospheric energy? BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. like I said, my back of the napkin estimates show about 0.008 degrees, which rounds to 0.01C, which different from Dr. Happer's detailed analysis by 0.01C. I'm OK with that. you're talking total CO2 I'm talking about my \"co2 footprint\" BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. APCC: an agenda in search of an excuse BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. so, 123% chance that humans raised the temperature 1.2F of the total...what's the total 1951-2010 temperature rise?  Since the CO2 contribution decreases with ppm, and we can at least say around 280 is the magical baseline before the human-thriving horrors of the industrial revolution kicked in. So we could look at the forcings of 257 to 259 and make the leap that that 0.7% increase is anthropogenic. So, we could ratio that and say:  X/99.3 = 1.2/0.7 to estimate the that the total temperature change during that time would be expected to be 170F, which I don't think occurred.   checking: (1.2/170=0.007=0.7%) not that it really answers my thesis which you stated unequivocally to be wrong but have yet to show me why.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. that's a lot of words to say you still cannot falsify my facts, math or conclusion.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. well, since Dr. Happer's email to me referred to my presentation as \"scientifically accurate\" I'm just really not feeling as though my clock was cleaned or needed cleaning. I am happy to hear you've turned the corner and now respect Dr. Happer's work and consider it authoritative.  Your comment about questioning my humanity is interesting as that is a common tactic of the Left as exemplified by the German fascists in WW2. But, don't forget, I said to just consider CO2 at 100% and we can negotiate if needed.  5-trillionths is still \"climate irrelevant\"  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. it is a copy-paste because your friends cannot seem to recall the reason they jumped into the conversation and told me I was wrong. BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. well, Marxism as a broad category has murdered over a 100million of its own citizens in just a century in the name of \"social evolution\", \"social justice,\" etc.  APCC is clearly not Science based, and the policies enacted from it are putting billions of lives at risk for achieving the singular goal of controlling \"the means of production,\" aka \"people\" what proportion of that is caused by my CO2 contribution? so, you think the best solution is the free market? one hail storm away from being hazwaste BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. fear-porn'ing for socialism somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. well, then we'd better start adapting somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. solar panels become hazwaste.  all that fire is mostly water & CO2 BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking.
 	mathematically, that just is not true.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo \"MATH\" is capitalized simply for the dividing the sections.  but, thank you for validating the facts and checking the math.  I conclude that 1/2-of 1-trillionth is not sufficient to bother about even if aggregated for 8billion people.  Rather than spending Trillions on trillionths, it seems the money would be better spend with some adaptations. that's a quote I learned from the statistics department when I was teaching calc. There are absolutely ways to consider variability when collecting data. In the same manner data can be manipulated to say something entirely fictitious. Oh, you're saying that Charlie is the real scientist, not you(?) I'll welcome his falsification of the facts or math.  the cost is estimated to be over $12k per person per year.  the benefit is less than 1/2-trillionth, on average.  ($12k)/(1/2-trillionth): would you consider that to be cost-effective? it seems the energy required for weather manipulation would be excessive, but the energy added to the system by AP-CO2 is miniscule if put into perspective: BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo it's just individual CO2 put into perspective of atmospheric CO2 and the total effect CO2 has on the ghg effect.  how much of ghg is CO2? <10% how much CO2 is AP? 35/3200 how many humans? 8billion that is true.  it's also true that just because YOU do not falsify your data that no one else does. It was the Economist years ago that cited the non-reproducibility of peer-reviewed studies. ok, your co2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo then he should love Trump for getting our military out of these places. I think he's referring to the proclivities of UN peacekeepers though. CO2 absorbs about 75% of one non-zero band. after water vapor and CO2 there's just not much there. fine. it doesn't mean you shouldn't be concerned. If you believe that 1.5C is going to be catastrophic, you should do something about it, but CO2 mitigation will cost a lot and accomplish nothing.  but your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo true. gasses don't conduct well, but I would expect a tank of pure oxygen or nitrogen to not be 0 it could be, but just saying so doesn't make it so.  explain why but why learn from history when you can live it? the highest lowest fear porn for the climate gullible  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo go visit a place like Mackinac island where they use horses and project it. It's why the wealthy used to disappear to the countryside in the summer. Worried that burning all of those hydrocarbons will make the world heat up? Evaporation removes that heat in seconds per day. rumble.com/vtdo6w-rain.html heat makes evaporation makes clouds make rain makes cooling oh...the sun makes \"heat\" actually, I think that when I attribute AP-CO2 warming proportionally it is a gross exaggeration.  For instance, if we baseline at 280ppm (257.5) and consider the AP contribution to CO2 taking us to 500(260), then the actual effect of AP-CO2 would be (2.5/260 =) 1%, not (220/500 =) 44% CO2 contribution to ghg effect: <10% AP-CO2 increase to CO2 effect: <1% hence the requirement that a hypothesis not only BE falsifiable, but that an actual scientist will work diligently to falsify it.  The echo chamber benefits the orchestra. CO2 is CO2 whether naturally produced or \"manmade\" greenhouses generate CO2 by oxidizing hydrocarbons in the same manner we generate electricity or propel vehicles.  there are over 3200billion tons of CO2 in the atmosphere, estimates range from 300 to 700billion tons as the natural exchange, while total human generation is 35, with 15-20 being from the West and the remainder from countries with NetZero interest in the idiocy of NetZero. (300 to 700)/3200 = 10-20% natural exchange every year. So, while an individual CO2 molecule might never be taken in by photosynthesis, it's tenure in the atmosphere would probably be more like 5-10 years. The \"thousands of years\" is an ASSumption made for modeling.  You are correct that displacing emissions is hypocritical, especially since exporting our GDP has actually increased emissions.  If you look at the decreasing impact of increasing CO2 you need to baseline at 280ppm (257.5) for the pre-industrial-ice-age utopia of famine & plague.  Contrast that to the current <500ppm (260) the 44% (220/500) increase in CO2 has increased energy by <1% (2.5/260) we're at 8billion people.  in 1800 we were stretched thin for resources to support 1billion people (hence famine & plague...famine also due to less CO2) so, the rough correlation would be the death of 87.5% of the population to decrease atmospheric energy by 1% of the CO2 contribution which is less than 10% overall.  1% of 10% is 0.1% So, since wind and solar are just displaced emissions and will likely not generate more than their production, then you're looking at a genocide of 87.5% to reduce atmospheric energy by 0.1%.  For easy math, just say 50% reduction to reduce 1% of atmospheric energy. Is that acceptable to you, given that you would probably be in the 50%? please correct any math errors.  @PoyetPatrice but \"eventually you run out of other people's money\" \"useful idiots\" you ARE the echo chamber.  thank you for confirming the facts and validating the math. I'm sorry that the conclusion that \"you're not a climate god\" offends you. sorry. my attempts at brevity detracted from clear communication. Thank you for the feedback.  I try to explain it better invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo bottom line: You CO2 contribution to atmospheric energy is less than 1/2 of 1-trillionth of the energy in the atmosphere.  Your NetZero'ness would decrease atmospheric energy by less than 1/2-part in 1,000,000,000,000.  Your NetZero'ness would change atmospheric energy by the same ratio as removing 1/2 of 1 drop from 20 Olympic swimming pools full of drops.  At an estimated cost of over $12,000 per person per year.  If you and 8billion of your closest friends went NetZero, the effect would be 8billion 1/2trillionths, aka 4/1000's.  4/1000's of the *gasp* 2C above the average temperature of the pre-industrial ice-age would be 0.008C, but ONLY if you & all of your 8billion friends went NetZero.  OR, you could use those trillions of dollars to do something useful, like \"adapt\" apolitically would be via the free market. I'd guess that most energy is absorbed by water, increasing temperatures there. Air temp would be more of a lag indicator since it absorbs a fraction of the energy radiating out from the water and soil that absorb energy from the sun.  In passive-solar, you don't concentrate on heating the air, you use the sun to warm a mass of concrete or something. That then radiates out later. There's little energy in warm air. that was 10 years & 3 computers ago.  all links would be broken.  Asking the interbots might be a good hack at it.  I'll be interested in what you find.  I've even included the calculation where applicable. because it was 10 years ago and you should do your own research. I put in the effort and have no problem being corrected. If I go through and do it all over again and get the same thing you won't believe me. If I do the exercise and change it, you won't believe me unless I suddenly find that CO2 insulation exceeds the sun's insolation. but here's a copy of a page from my presentation. As always, I am happy for you to identify any errors. you're a peer. Please review it.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I think it's notable here that you made a COMPLETELY non-verifiable or falsifiable statement. You provide no basis for your assessment that the water is \"unusually warm\" vs that previously the water might be uncharacteristically cool. let's collaborate. An accurate perspective on solar energy benefits everyone. Perhaps there's a better way to present the data after you independently correct or confirm it. insurance premiums are following the hockey stick because of artificial energy constraints, excessive regulation, and inflationary spending (aka \"inflation reduction act\"...it's just \"an act\") this is a good projection piece--accuse your adversary of what you are doing.  look at GPD and CO2 per country.  There is a definite interest in investing in APCC idiocy because it drives GDP out of the US.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. ok. that puts you in alignment with CO2Coalition.org25 and Patrick Moore.  425ppm puts you at about 260, so 2.5 above the 257.5 of 280ppm.  2.5/260 is about 1%--the energy capacity of CO2 has increased by 1%. CO2 @ 0.04% of the atmosphere contributes <10% to the ghg effect.  1% of 10% is 0.1% increasing from 280ppm to 425ppm has increased atmospheric energy capacity form CO2 by 0.1%.  (iLectureOnline.com videos explaining spectral absorption (approx. 5min each))  invidious.tiekoetter.com/XIBsjBvRTew invidious.tiekoetter.com/pgoR7dCPc8w (Water vapor 90%) invidious.tiekoetter.com/lsMWUK4WGkk invidious.tiekoetter.com/umS5aUka91Q what's the ideal pH for the ocean?  acidic, alkaline or neutral? your assumptions are unsubstantiated.  the vanguard is facing the wrong direction but they're making good time. So, your assertion is that a 0.1% change in energy capacity of the atmosphere is 3C.  280 baseline 420 +1.5.... the \"hat\" from which 1.5 emerges 560 +1.5 1120 +3 etc so, an additional 50% of CO2 would be a total of 3C above the average temperature of the pre-industrial ice-age and the utopian famine & plague.  we're less than 2C in 2 centuries then, 0.01C/yr the climate around me changes at about 1C/hr so I'm not seeing the danger i guess Canada and Alaska are closer to the south pole than I realized. I embrace the actual properties of CO2 CO2 and H2O are the molecule of photosynthesis CO2 (at 0.04% of air) is <10% of the ghg effect APCO2 is about 1% of total CO2 just curious, for what %age of the greenhouse effect do you think CO2 is responsible? Fred is either a spoof account or humanity is doomed.  No civilization can survive within the pull of that intellectual black-hole. I had to start at your utopian baseline of 280ppm.  3C per doubling would be a rough estimate of a logarithmic scale. 150ppm - everything dies 200ppm - most everything just stops growing  280ppm - Baseline  560ppm - B+3C 1120ppm - B+6C 2240ppm - B+9C 4480ppm - B+12C 8960ppm - B+15C...maybe getting some health effects that estimate breaks down pretty early on. As you can see from the specturm, the difference in energy absorbed is pretty big between 0ppm & 400ppm, but very small between 400&800ppm, and much smaller the higher you go. warmer temps cause CO2 to be released from water \"energy capacity\" would be how much energy the atmosphere can hold. As it gets warmer, it radiates faster (ref: Newton's law of cooling) kinda like your car battery. It can only hold so much energy after which the excess production is just lost.  The energy supply for CO2 is the energy radiating out from earth, which is an average of 60F. Hold your hand above a 60F granite countertop and CO2 is absorbing about 20% of that (actually, you won't feel any heat radiating out because your hand is warmer and so you'd feel heat leaving your hand) My answer is based on an experimentally validated energy capacity. Your answer is based on an estimation of it.  look for yourself what's the capacity at 280ppm what's the capacity at 420ppm what's the difference what's the percentage ? correct. 280 to 560 is doubling. (B+3C) I interpolated for 420 to be B+1.5C, but your \"+3 per doubling\" is not a smooth curve. It's linear between points. yes. ppm on the x, energy on the y why only go back 8000 years? I'm curious. How far back to we have control measurements? how long does it take to form a bubble in ice.  Is there anything in snow that might change the ratio while that bubble is forming? Chemical reaction? phytobacteria? standard \"running away, eh?  Come back and I will taunt you a second time!\" yep. plankton, plants, mollusks etc pull it out of the water as fast as they can, and the water pulls it out of the air. But there is still an amount of free CO2 in the water and warming water would release it. But, I'm OK with the idea that the additional 140ppm is AP-CO2--it's a 1% change in down-dwelling energy due to CO2 which contributes less than 10% to the ghg effect. I have. I poste a logarithm.  your estimation of +3 per doubling is a ratcheted estimate of a logarithm.  using just your numbers. There's no formula, just +3 per doubling.  280 - 0 420 - calculate 560- 3 1120 - 6 2240 - 9 thank you. I just calculated the energy across the illuminated disk of earth. that is picking up the goalposts and running them to the ball if it walks like a cult and talks like a cult... that sounds like a hypothetical question. per his X-handle general number cited for the breakdown of photosynthesis. it depends on the type of plant, but some fall off sooner. funny; I wonder that same thing about the APCC believers. the ultimate form of capitalism would be a single individual (or small group) owning/controlling all capital and means of production...aka, \"communism\" an actual \"conservative\" case for NOT wasting everyone's time and money. Dollars to Donuts he conflates ALL CO2 with AP-CO2 and limits the discussion to the GHE of dry air. BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. there are definitely capitalists capitalizing on the emoginations of the gullible. They're laughing all the way to the bank. isn't most media controlled by a handful of billionaires? I suspect the \"fair and balanced\" journalism has a way of tipping the balance towards making them more billionairy. then de-list CO2 as a pollutant and let the energy sources stand on their own merit. I think all energy projects should come with a cradle-to-grave pollution analysis. CO2 just isn't a pollutant what's the ppm for causing any health issues? what's the ppm that causes damage to plants? look up the definition of pollutant--\"A pollutant or novel entity is a substance or energy introduced into the environment that has undesired effects, or adversely affects the usefulness of a resource.\" co2 is a foundational molecule for life with a negligible impact on climate and the verdict is not \"consensus\" as to whether that good or bad.  considering that life does better with warm than cold and evaporation puts a definite upper end on \"warm\", then more CO2 = \"good\"...except for the people who hate people. \"space based\"? done! BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. nuc subs stay below 8000ppm a movie theater will be over 2000ppm CO2 is <500ppm, less than 10% of any health effects greenhouses pay $$ to achieve 1500-2000ppm got it. literally \"space based\".  when you said for \"environmental reasons\" i wasn't sure if you were talking about the millions of acres of solar panels required for \"green\" energy. pretty sure Apollo did not have an ecosystem actively converting CO2 into O2 like, say, earth has. Worried that burning all of those hydrocarbons will make the world heat up? Evaporation removes that heat in seconds per day. rumble.com/vtdo6w-rain.html heat makes evaporation makes clouds make rain makes cooling oh...the sun makes \"heat\" given a \"100%\" by some top Navy hurricane prognosticators who live & breath water vapor and atmospheric energy none of my assumptions have been proven false. not liking them is not the same as proving them false BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. it's a lot less energy intensive to cool than to heat.  you can survive 50C a lot easier than -20C BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. do people in Canada have a furnace? that's mechanical assistance. Nature is always trying to kill us. Until climate stabilizes at 72F we'll be mechanically adjusting it when able. \"facts is facts\"...that they are \"so\" is the nature of it being in fact \"a fact\" I asked repeatedly for you to correct the numbers.  tell me which is wrong and why If I didn't want to know I wouldn't have posted them in a falsifiable format. yes, it would mean a breakdown, so it's not going to happen which means we will always need energy to try and prevent nature from killing us. nope. I'm not looking to achieve anything other than keeping APCC nuts from killing everyone CO2 is 0.04% of the atmosphere and contributes <10% to that energy.  More impactful is the orbit distance and planet tilt and even the earth's rotation, you just can't do anything about those. So, to grab hold of one of the most insignificant aspects of atmospheric energy to feel in \"control\" is hubris. good that your acknowledging that CO2 is a small factor. that is a big step. math won't help you catch a ball, but it will help you understand catching a ball.  the math doesn't make APCC BS, it just helps you understand why it's BS--most people know it's bs, but just don't know why they know it's bs.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I think it was Galileo...\"Mathematics is the language with which God wrote the universe.\"  ...and then you say \"the numbers are irrelevant\"... what if they're not? what if your CO2 impact really is \"1/2 of 1 drop in 20 Olympic swimming pools of drops\"? What if the actual potential (not realistic) agregate of co2 footprints was 4/1000's? then what? I'm not asking if it is true, I'm asking \"what if it is true?\" so you can answer from that purely hypothetical point. totally different you're talking 400parts of A in 1million parts of B I'm talking 1/2 part of C in 1trillion parts of C my goal is to expose the truth about self-interested psychopaths.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. different effect.  as the toxin alcohol increases, it has an increasing effect.  As CO2 increases, the increases have a decreasing effect. The effect still increases, but the amount of increase decreases. 😎 the energy of various cycles should be additive(ish). there are lots of cycles, and air temperature is a lag indicator, not a control we're not talking about 400ppm--that's the entirety of the 3200billion tons in the atmosphere.  we're talking about (5/3200)(400) you said \"drunk\", Dumas said \"alcohol\"...it seemed there was something about alcohol no, the land temperature would cause the air temperature because CO2 absorbs the long-wave low-energy IR from the 60F (average) earth. CO2Coalition.org attributes the rise of CO2 to the conversion of hydrocarbons into it's constituen parts of energy, water & plant-life (CO2) and the difference in the down-dwelling energy is (260-257.5)/257.5 = 1% At 850ppm: (262.5-275.5)/257.5 = 2% that 1 or 2% is of the <10% GHE contributed by CO2 0.1-0.2% change in atmospheric energy trillions of dollars for faux-virtue so, a scientist who is not a climate scientist is credible if they endorse APCC, but a scientist like Lindzen, who is a climate scientist, or Happer who's an expert in CO2, is not? who pays the institutions that pay the academics? roughly, couldn't we just say that Mars atmosphere is about 1% (?) as dense as ours, but comprised of 95%(?) CO2 so in a given space of 1,000,000 molecules on earth there'd be 10,000 on Mars  95%, or 9500 would be CO2?  9500/500 = 19.
 	Between 1950 and 2020, the average pH of the ocean surface fell from approximately 8.15 to 8.05 7 is neutral Less than 7 is acidic The oceans have become less basic That’s debatable, but we can go with it.  Of that existential crisis due to CO2 of which the media has convinced you. CO2 contributes less than 10% of the atmospheric energy There are over 3200billion tons in the atmosphere Humans liberate 35b annually extracting stored solar The USA has over 300million 10% of(5/3200)/300m is less than a 1/2-trillionth 8billion 1/2-trillionths = 4/1000’s The “climate catastrophe” is cited as (now) 2C over the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C So of the looming climate disaster IF all humanity went NetZero (which they are not), we could collectively alter 0.008C. Is that worth $12,000 per person per year? OR, could we better use our resources to adapt like we do when it gets dark, or winter comes. We’re talking about creating habitation on Mars and simultaneously fear-porn’ing the bejeebers out of people over the possibility of the earths temperature increasing above 2C over the temps of the pre-industrial ice age…about which humans could collectively impact about 0.016C. Until demonstrated otherwise, that’s a pretty good assumption. Government should be a collective preservation of individual Rights—Life, Liberty & property—not a giant social-engineering project I think people would rather believe the lie than believe they’ve been lied to Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Since we’ve passed that 1.5C tipping point and…nothing tipped. The planet recovering from its pre-industrial ice-age means warming above pre-industrial-ice-age temperatures.  Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Regarding CO2, there’s nothing to fear except fear-porn itself.  Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Your contribution to that speed is less than 1/2 part of 1-trillionth. The cooling planet is what is a greater risk of killing people since cold kills thousands more than heat every year.  The “catastrophic warming” cited is 2C. 4billion trillionths of 2C is 0.008C So whatever the issue, 0.008C is the most humanity can do about it.  I’m sorry you’re not a climate god and the climate does not notice you. The cycles of which you’re aware, or the interactions of those cycles, but it you’re more likely to figure it out if you’re not fixated on CO2 And the CO2 effect you can contribute towards altering it is 1/2 of one-trillionth.  The equivalent of  1/2 of 1 drop in 20 Olympic swimming pools full of drops.  Collectively, all of humanity, if they went full stupid down the path of NetZero, will accomplish NetZero.  8billion 1/2-trillionths is 4-thousandths 4-thousandths of 2C is 0.008C I’m just at a bit of a loss as to how 0.008C (if everyone on earth went full-stupid NetZero…which they are not), at the cost of trillions of dollars per year will effect anything, but I’m willing to learn how. I hate to break it to you, but the evidence would indicate that Jared values those here illegally over long term productive citizens. All that is very different than CO2 Consider that “green” energy is the attempt to collect diffuse energy and that takes space—for Colorado, that means paving over 2million acres with heat-collecting solar panels alone. Those two million acres of solar panels will eventually generate the hail-generating thunderstorms that will reduce them to haz-waste landfill, to be replaced by more solar panels that require eco-raping processes…and you’re worried about converting the solar energy stored in hydrocarbons into plant food. Your plan kills ecology, CO2 grows it, but somehow yours is “green”. Absolutely. I’m concerned about the number of people who’ll die because of the fragile & unstable grid because of a fixation on the life-foundational molecule liberated from hydrocarbons while extracting the energy Let’s see… Your CO2 footprint: less than 1/2-trillionths 8billion 1/2-trillionths is 4/1000s 4/1000’s of 1.6C is a 0.006C difference But ONLY if all all 8billion go full NetZero stupid How? CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Translation: you lose your ability to have a personal vehicle and get to enjoy sardining on the slow moving traffic jams lumbering in the wrong direction…and like it.  CO is climbing up the ranks in auto-theft and crime in general, so insurance companies are declining certain vehicles.  Busses were subsidized at over $2per passenger mile until they added an additional $36million per year for the 2% ridership.  So, fiat-rezoning of all property within 1/4 mile of a bus route to 40 units per acre with no parking and no occupancy limits. Ambling aimlessly on mobile crack dens is a fun way to build community.  Those EV mandates will mean those e $60k losses per vehicle won’t be absorbed by the sales of petrol vehicles and prices will “adjust,” but there’s no grid plan for you to have one anyway. Scootering groceries is fun.  High speed rail is fun, and the $5billion to finish it by 2017 will be joined with another $5billion to finish it by 2050.  Everything is fine Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. JK. There are no climate goals.  Ask any of them. They don’t know.  The governor defers to the energy office The energy office demurs to the politicians The politicians who created the bills have NetZero clue.  Windy.com…upwards of 70% of our pollution comes from Asia, sending us the remnants of our GDP.  The effect of methane is far less than CO2 The effect of CO2? Sub negligible. The cost to you? Thousand$ per year.  Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   (Colorado generates 0.140billion tons for 6million) How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt.  It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.  Wanna talk about why your taxes are so high and the $45billion per year plus unfunded mandates are insufficient to sate the leviathan of State? Cold kills more than hot, so that’s not a great sales pitch.  Your contribution to that accelerated change? Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt.  It’s better to light a candle than curse the darkness. NetZero is like screaming into a cave for illumination.  I guess you’re just going to need to explain to me how less than one part in a trillion, or the collective 4-thousandths for the collective of all humanity (who aren’t stupid enough to NetZero themselves) will change anything. Ecosystems adapt to changes of 50F in a day 100F in a season, yet 1.5C over 100 years is too much? Doesn’t that just sound a little ridiculous? “The Sky is Falling” is about human nature, not farm animals. There it is…the climate solution is always communism Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. “Effective” carbon capture is ineffective $100billion dollars to remove 1 billion tons of CO2 …out of 3200billion tons $100billion to “solve” 1/3200 of 2C Which will be replaced immediately by oceans Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. History:  Written by the victors Remembered by the vanquished Erased by those looking to repeat it 1001? There’s no anecdote, just a couple facts you can easily verify, math you can easily check, and a conclusion you can accept or defend.  The conclusion is that you cannot do anything consequential about atmospheric energy via your CO2 footprint. I consider 1/2 of one drop in 20 swimming pools full of drops to be less than insignificant. You are claiming it is catastrophic, but not how Still, your premise is highly suspect. I notice that when I go to warmer places that plants grow better. The deserts would likely do fine with more water. More heat creates more rain. Because CO2 makes plants drought resilient, desert areas are re-greening. (Real green, not the eco-raping “green” energy kind of green) It’s not an argument.  I gave you facts, math and a conclusion, and asked you why you feel upending the entire economy is worth individually achieving less than 1 part in a trillion of any problem that might be looming, or less than about 4-thousandths of the *gasp* 2C if the entire planet kumbya’d to NetZero.  The simple result would be 4/1000’s of 2C — 0.008C Are my facts incorrect? The math? The conclusion? Welcome to Polisville Jared’s neighborhood welcoming committee making rounds for Jena’s “get out the vote” campaign. The democrats support all wealth redistribution I don’t think they did… And that’s why @realtinapeters was kangaroo’d Reality based climate science would ask “what will we achieve if we achieve NetZero?” Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Let’s see… CO2  contributes  <  10%  of  the  greenhouse  gas  effect there  are  over  3200  billion  tons  of  C02  in  the  air (the  natural  cycle  is  over  700billion  tons  per  year) The  USA  generates  about  5  billion  tons  per  year. there  are over  300million  living  in  the  USA (10%)(5/3200)/300M  =  (1/2)-trillionth.   How  much  is  1-trillion  drops? (1T drops)(1mL/20drops)(1L/1000mL)(2.5M-L)  =   20  olympic  sized  swimming  pools  full  of  drops.   Your  ghg  effect  is  the  equivalent  of  1/2  of  1  drop  in  20  olympic  swimming  pools.   What  do  you  do  about  something  you  can  do  nothing  about?  You  adapt. Canada, 2021: A pregnant mother is violently manhandled and arrested in front of her crying children for being unvaccinated in a vaccinated-only space. Never forget the tyranny that was inflicted on society in the name of \"the science\". Local Approval of Property Tax Initiatives | Colorado General Assembly leg.colorado.gov/bills/hcr24… HCR, not HB Local Approval of Property Tax Initiatives | leg.colorado.gov/bills/hcr24… I'm not sure why you'd lump me in with the commies, but I voted against HB24B-1001 because it's only worth the faith you can put in unfaithful government actors--0. The dems can't stand having low property taxes (ref: \"the abolition of private property\") and they oppose equal taxation (\"a progressive or graduated tax\"). They didn't just advocate for LESS relief (1001 vs 50/108), they advocated for MORE extraction.  Garcia's proposed amendment tipped their hand and showed how easily it can be edited into a \"progressive\" monstrosity. TABOR is about the only thing restraining their jack boot of good intentions from face-stomping every voter forever (allusions to Orwell). Passage of the bill removed the ability of the voters to secure constitutionally protected tax reductions.  $1.6Billion/(75% of 4million voters (>25% rent)) = $533 (ish). By nature, more expensive homes pay more taxes and would receive more refund.  I proposed cutting 2.5% (1/40 of a $40B budget) from State spending to go into TABOR refunds so that the heavy lift of the tax relief would come from the largesse of the State government which has billion$$ to spend on trains and million$$ to subsidize busses and at least $100million on CO2 superstitions with 0.00000000001% impact on climate. That would actually benefit renters as well...dems wouldn't even allow discussion of it. nitter.tiekoetter.com/collinrugg/status/1829… Importing an autotheft ring in Colorado to help accelerate the extinction of hydrocarbon vehicles to support the investments of eco-raping greeniacs would be like importing known cattle-killing wolves into colorado to further distress ranchers so their land can be paved over with solar panels or fire-sale'd to cronies.  psh. pure conspiracy theory thanks Jim. Dumbing it down past 5th grader to reach the level of willfully gullible politician is the goal. There are none so blind as those who will not (to) see.  invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo 1g/kg is 1g/1000g = 0.001, which I suppose you're comparing to the 0.008C reduction that could maybe be achieved if all countries were going NetZero...which they are not. But these are completely different concepts.  the median lethal dose of salt for a 100kg individual being 100g. That 100kg individual is about 80% water, & about 18% is carbon. NaCl disrupts the highly sensitive chemical interactions inside & between your cells. Your body works very hard to keep those molecular levels balanced. So compare apples to apples. \"the average human body contains about 250g of salt\" \"a (100)kg person would contain around (400)g of sodium chloride.\" So, the proper comparison here is 100g to 400g--half of all people will die if you increase their salt by 25%.  25% is 250 times larger than 0.1%.  when talking about 1/2 of 1 drop in 20 olympic sized swimming pools full of drops, or for all of humanity 8billion 1/2-trillionths, both sides are energy.  So, if ALL of humanity went NetZero, you could change the atmospheric energy by 0.004(2C =) 0.008C.  So, either my math could be wrong (please check it; I still do), or you're asserting that 0.008C is a significant enough result to divert trillions of dollars every year away from things like water, starvation and homelessness to decreasing atmospheric energy by 0.008C. Has Jared turned over his car for a bus card yet? no? that's weird... Leadership is about example not dictates.  dictators dictate.  Now, what would be colossally hypocritical is air travel; especially any sort of private jet.  I'm sure those rumors are completely unsubstantiated. ozone oxidizes methane summary of 2024 extra-ordinary session for tax relief:  You still have money; the dems want it. the end wait a second...a couple months ago 1.5C was the tipping point. Are you just memory-holing that? fear-porn posts like this should give you an indication of their actual intent. Some of their solutions are more final than others.  ncesc.com/geographic-faq/whe… Wanna know why your taxes are so high? No part of the green agenda was up for consideration when considering the funding of teachers, fire departments or law enforcement.  Jared has NO climate goals (just CO2 goals*): Jared defers to the Colorado Energy Office The CEO defers to the General Assembly The GA greeniacs have NO climate goals, nor can they answer how CO2 reductions would affect the climate. They'll just tell you that their non-existent \"climate goals\" are \"scientifically accurate.\" Ideologically induced ignorance, however, is the basis for the most sweeping of legislation.  (@MannyRutinel @MonicaDuran23 don't have any basis despite being staunch supporters) *Bottom Line: your climate footprint is less than 1/2 of 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. what about Colorado & its *gasp* 0.140billion ton CO2 from 6 million residents liberating the stored solar energy of hydrocarbons? (10%)(0.140/3200)/6,000,000 = 0.7-trillionths.  but we could round that 0.0000000000007 to \"NetZero\" we were called to special session to try to hammer out \"a deal\" that would take more sweeping property tax cuts of props 50&108 off of the table. While the dems bristled against giving ANY money back, they'd rather give back less.  HB24B-1001 has some trade-offs and some improvements over 50&108, the HB falls into \"what the state giveth, the state can taketh away.\" A constitutional tax limitation gives the dems cold sweats. They are so confident in their \"good intentions\" that they know people won't fund them if they have the option to not.  Whatever percentages are in this bill can be increased in the next session. While you can't trust a politician farther than you can throw'm, it's always a good idea to try, just for a benchmark. How they work is a great question. As with any priority legislation, it is introduced with the minimum of days for the minimum of scrutiny. if this guy stopped talking the climate would improve absolutely! all energy projects should be considered cradle-to-grave for pollution impacts.  fortunately AP CO2 is neither pollution, nor a significant contributor to the ghg effect.  your CO2 footprint on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. your CO2 footprint on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. those are hydrocarbons they could be burned to release the stored solar energy The major resultants, CO2 & H2O make plants grow actual pollutants could be captured.  this is a result of greeniac CO2 superstitions.  your CO2 footprint on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. in the marxist mind, they're all just wealth redistribution events. it's irrelevant.  one, the predicted \"tipping point\" was 1.5C nothing tipped.  also, it's not a matter of what may or may not be coming, but what you can do about it with your CO2 footprint.  your CO2 impact on atmospheric energy is less than one-half part of one-trillionth.  The collective contribution of all of humanity would be 4-billion trillionths, or 4-thousandths.  the new \"tipping point\" is 2.8C (oddly specific, but gives the illusion of accuracy & credibility), so let's use 3C 4-thousandths of 3C is 0.012C.  IF every country dedicated their entire GDP apparently dems are for \"the little guy\"  of course it's at the expense of the middle caste as the paid for puppets of the \"natural superiors.\" we heard repeatedly how if you own property, you're rich, and somehow property owners made owning property more expensive. They have 0 idea how the economy works outside SimCity. ballot initiatives are not a sure thing, even if the people overwhelmingly favor them. Voters would be bombarded with continual appeals about how children will suffer, colorado will burn, and the those potholes just won't get filled.  how many voters will actually demand of their politicians to \"Prioritize Your Priorities\"? Why is it that Firefighters, EMS & teachers aren't funded first? Why are crony-supporting pet-projects first to the funding trough and those things the voters value are left to the end.  Even after I'd said repeatedly how important fire fighting was, the dems sent narrative control to complain about R's wanting to cancel funding for fire districts.  When I offered an amendment to take a billion out of STATE funding to offset the property tax cuts, democrats refused to even discuss it. this is why democrats don't want citizens to possess the means of self-defense. Jared must be following the Venezualan model where gangs are allocated certain sections of the country in exchange for giving up crime. Of course that agreement lasts until the cops leave, then the gangs become the \"unofficial\" enforcers of marxist policies, attacking any citizen who runs afoul of the regime.  msn.com/en-us/movies/news/ve… I'd love it if you'd have him check my work however.  As a percentage of ALL CO2, what is an individual's impact on atmospheric energy? thank you! The purpose of rent control is to reduce availability, increase cost and create slums. It succeeds every time. Hundreds of families leaving 4H because they can’t afford to feed their own kids due to the inflationary government spending driving down the value of wages while increasing the cost of everything else. And your contribution to that increase will be maybe 1/2 of a trillionth, so the collective contribution of ALL of humanity could only effect 4-thousandths of the 1.5C that would take us to the (now) 2.8C, which would be less than 0.006C. That rounds to 0.0C.  It’s not personal, but you’re climate irrelevant. Why does that bother people so much? it's not denying climate, it's putting things in perepective your CO2 footprint on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. no, because doubling the CO2 only results in a slight increase in atmospheric energy, but makes plants grow which cause evaporation, which causes (wait for it) cooling Robert's back to cast aspersions, but not to actually falsify the facts, math or conclusions.  your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1 part in 1 trillion  8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. let's put things into perspective. your CO2 footprint on climate is less than 1part in 1 trillion 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. the collective impact of humanity could be as high as:  8billion 1/2-trillionths of 2C = 0.008C the human contribution to global climate (FITB) is 0.008C Robert, I'm sorry that you are climate irrelevant.  your CO2 footprint on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. thank you for checking the math.  believe it or not, you are unable to change the past and your ability to change the present is less than  1/2 of 1 drop in 20 Olympic sized pools full of drops. your CO2 footprint on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. this is not about pollution. I'm talking about CO2. CO2 is a foundational molecule of life. Pollution harms life, CO2 is the basis of thriving.  your CO2 footprint on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000's 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C. Be environmentally conscious, not climate gullible. 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1-Trillionths 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,400,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. so you think every body should dedicate their entire existance to trying to change something they cannot change? Should we spend our entire GDP trying to alter 0.008C instead of allowing people to thrive and in doing so help their fellow man?
 	that^^ from the party originated to preserve and expand slavery? the party of eugenics, Jim Crowe and the KKK?? Oh sure, you'll claim the CRA...well intended, perhaps, but gutted the nuclear family \"climate\" is the excuse for the CO2 hysteria, \"control\" is the reason. indeed it is. you can't warm the ocean with the air.  what you CAN warm the ocean with is THE SUN.  most of the 63million hiroshima events worth of energy per year go straight into the ocean. only a fool says things like \"climate denier\" somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. @PermResInitDet they're just doing that work for which the dems imported them. \"the first step in the revolution (is) to win the battle of democracy.\" A Republic protects the individual from the mob, a democracy feeds him to it. As in the Marx/Engels matriarchal community as \"family\"? what keeps the heat in the ocean? the colder water below it being warmed. Evaporation moves heat out of the oceans at around 600cal/gram, & moves that heat through the atmosphere. Water is about 800x more dense than air, so you'd need a lot of hot air to warm water, but what would really happen is that you would just cause evaporation.  Evaporation removes global hydrocarbon heat in seconds per day. rumble.com/vtdo6w-rain.html heat makes evaporation makes clouds make rain makes cooling ...the sun makes \"heat\" Have you seen the billions of dollars of laws and restrictions based on APCC? And somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I'm thinking of extended family in terms of extended nuclear family where kids are anchored in their future through the wisdom of the past through (great) grandparents. A community of nuclear families is ideal. you're forgetting about the willfully gullible who believe it was about climate APCC is an inability to do math.  Only fools say crap like \"climate denier\" to squelch actual science.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. only \"science deniers\" say \"climate deniers\" \"climate change is not a...problem\" you're going to fix with CO2 restrictions; they'll only make any problem worse. you prove my point. I've denied no science, I've just put it into perspective and drawn a logical conclusion. I've made the assumption that CO2 is the cause of some CO2-catastrophe and realized that even if the planet kumbayah'd into NetZero for $96trillion per year they'd only accomplish a meaningless atmospheric energy difference of 0.02C. All of that science lives within that conclusion. What you've failed to do is justify the $96trillion to make that 0.02C change, or shown me the error (as requested) of my facts, math or conclusion.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I was trying to figure out how the nuclear family killed the extended family.  The only way I could figure out is if you considered as \"family\" the marx/engels matriarchal community. no hydrocarbon money to me. crazy isn't it. They're laughing at you all the way to the bank. They can drill for oil or tap right into your emogination. The reason for opposing the hydrocarbon hysteria is to keep people from freezing to death in the winter.  what if I'm right? You don't have to admit that I am, but let's pretend you became unequivocally convinced that your CO2 footprint was grossly exaggerated at 1/2 part in 1-trillion--1/2 of 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools full of drops. Would you change anything about your approach to pollution? somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. for instance, solar panels absorb heat and make the air warmer...it's like a giant urban island. Gliders use them for the updrafts that create thunderstorms.  Show me the bullshit: BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. a graph of correlation, no matter how detailed, does not prove causation. but now Kackala is going to fix all the problems caused by the infliction of her idiotologies sooooo....that's a \"yes\"(?) you're familiar then that communism is just about using the proletariat to eliminate the \"bourgeoise\" (middle caste) to return to \"idyllic\" feudalism\" \"The bourgeoisie, wherever it has got the upper hand, has put an end toall feudal, patriarchal, idyllic relations. It has pitilessly torn asunder the motley feudal ties that bound man to his “natural superiors,” here's the \"equality\" useful idiots thing Communism is about \"8. Equal liability of all to labour. Establishment of industrial armies, especially for agriculture.\" there are dozens, if not hundreds of cycles, none of which needs to be THE cause. For instance, if you just use wave addition for energy cycles you'd get self-correcting (probably) non-repeating extrema--\"irrational stability\" perhaps?  As impressive as CO2 is as a ghg, it does not have the energy capacity to change the climate, especially when the energy it does carry it gets from the sun, so it is purely reactionary. it's basic science that correlation is not causation no matter how tightly aligned. That graph equally shows an increase in CO2 being driven by an increase temperature. you forget the big money that is invested in \"green\" energy.  You're never going to find the actual answer when you're fixated on \"CO2\" as the answer. It's like \"everything looks like a nail when your only tool is a hammer.\" Again, you'd expect that I'd have backing from \"big oil\" and I can assure you that is not the case.  here's the mathematical support for AP-CO2 as the cause of climate change somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. that's actually a good analogy for the ridiculousness of APCC. Here's a graph showing that CO2 levels cause the sun to rise & set.  what quote went wrongly? somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I didn't try to refute any science. You keep evading refuting the math even though I laid it out specifically so you could refute it. CO2 is a known mechanism for heat, but it's also known that it is insufficient to alter climate.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I just want you to falsify the facts, math or conclusion:  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. then you should be able to easily falsify my thesis:  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. I gave you verifiable data. YOU said it didn't matter. by the same logic, you and your fact-denying shills are working for communist china in their extraction of our GDP and jobs. you accused me of being paid by bogeyman-oil. You realize that the money your clients are the result of energy, so you're helping your clients create global warming I claimed that the evidence doesn't support anthropogenic CO2 causing the temperature rise.  The exercise, below, assumes Co2 as the culprit for the 2C (?). I just calculated my part of that and that of humanity if they all went NetZero-for-brains stop being angry when it's you who refuses to falsify my facts, math, or conclusion BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. you accused me of  \"working for oil interests\" and \"I hope the public doesn't pay you.\"  neither of which was a question nor does the first answer why you are unable to refute  falsifiable facts, math & conclusions somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. the quote was \"you and your fact-denying shills\" so, you're lying about me lying People for jobs for Trump! I didn't deny any science, I just showed you that it lived within that 1/2 of a drop in 20 olympic swimming pools full of drops. then you need to grammar more clearly 📣What do these LGB & T leaders, moms, dads, legislators, de-transitioners, Christians & agnostics, Democrats & Republicans & Independents — from every background and all over the country have in common??? We all agree that gender ideology has gone too far by targeting children, that women deserve safe spaces,  parents shouldn’t be lied to, and that no child is born in the wrong body.  And we’ll all be in Denver on Saturday 10/5 @ 10am on the west steps of the Colorado Capitol. JOIN THE MOVEMENT!📣 @GAG_Colorado @5280BasedHomo @BasedbabeU31313 @ethical_care @VenaAdam32311 @ProtectKidsCO @JenniferSey @CPANColorado @GAG_Wisconsin @the_MOMArmy @COHouseGOP @Moms4Liberty @donoharm @DIAGdemocrats @detransjoy @COrepKdeGraaf @bradleyforco Cool. Please post the questions & your answers so everyone can know what you promised to deliver. If they're endorsing democrat, their agenda is something other than jobs and education.  Also, be sure to tell everyone that you're for keeping grooming porn in front of their kiddos in Libraries and schools RatedBooks.org.  At 4:30 I read from one of the \"Dirty books\" (Mike's words) that Mike clearly endorses keeping in front of children. This is a level 4(of 5) book intended for protection by SB24-216.  invidious.tiekoetter.com/watch?v=pZFNLVCV… That protection is via a little clause I found--\"that reconsiders library resources\" (p3, section2 leg.colorado.gov/bills/sb24-…). This was a bill written to be all about reviewing books for appropriateness, then sneaking in a clause to make it ONLY for those libraries that do so and exempting all others. Actually, if a Library \"that does not reconsider library resources\" were to reconsider library resources without a written policy, they would be breaking the law. I do stand by my initial comment that this is really bad legislation. It's craftily worded to do the opposite of what it says.  \"Legislation 101: what it says it is, it ain't\" I gave @juniejoseph the opportunity to accept my amendment to remove that clause, and showed her what I would be reading out of the books. She just asked that I not speak for more than 10 minutes.  My 1A was shut down by the Speaker of the House because (ironically) there were children in the gallery and they should not be exposed to this material without the approval of their parents (I don't recall children in the gallery, or I would have asked for them to depart). How does stuff like that get into law? Because the democrat party will rubber stamp anything delivered to them by the glitter powered unicorn gliding across the rainbow of \"good intentions\" from Jared's desk. There is functionally only ONE democrat in the General Assembly.  NONE of this was about censorship. It is ONLY about what books are purchased with taxpayer extracted funds, and what books are curated in libraries by librarians, paid for with taxpayer-extracted funds. Mike wants grooming porn purchased and curated with taxpayer extracted funds.  What kind of person wants to ensure grooming materials remain readily accessible to children? Who exactly will benefit from Mike fighting to keep grooming porn available to your kids? @againstgrmrs @libsoftiktok @MonicaDuran23  bills killed by democrats:  -adjusting the senior and disabled Veteran homestead exemption (not adjusted ever since 2004) -homestead exemption portability -Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform to ensure no property transfer until AFTER a due-process conviction -Educational autonomy to preclude property devaluation when a school district stumbles to allow that school time and resources to repair.  -Grid Resilience to ensure energy source redundancy, cradle-to-grave pollution tracking, and evaluation of ability to withstand geomagnetic storms & hacking.  -Voter verification to preclude sending out millions of unwanted ballots at $8 apiece, predestined for the bin -Auditable elections so voters can know their vote was actually recorded and counted as they intended, to build consensus through transparency instead of gaslighting.  leg.colorado.gov/legislators… solar uses the high-energy visible spectrum which is largely reflected back into space on cloudy days.  The only efficient batteries for solar energy are hydrocarbons. There is not enough material to make the batteries to meet the need.  But the \"green\" agenda is more about you having no energy so maybe there are enough. it's not \"reality\" that matters  it's what you can DO about \"reality\" that matters what YOU can do is maybe reduce atmospheric energy by 1/2 of 1-trillionth. That's just the science of math.  You wanting to believe you can change the climate through sacrificing humans to misery does not mean that you can.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. \"lots of lying\", translation: \"Heartland doesn't agree with my media programmed narrative and is therefore lying. Big Brother knows what is best.\" yep. Marxists have killed well over 100million in the name of social justice. do you favor a free market approach, or do you think the State needs to intervene to ensure industry, farming, individuals (everyone except \"green\" parroting politicians and influencers) conform to climate standards?  You're going to need to be more specific.  Which numbers? If the <10% bothers you, just use <100% and multiply by 10, so instead of: 1/2-trillionth, you'd get 5-trillionths 5-trillionths = 1/4mL in 20 Olympic swimming pools I still think that makes you climate irrelevant.  BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. wouldn't it be more impactful to actually falsify the numbers or math? How do you know I'm lying if you can't show me the error? Fascism is just another flavor of State control, or State sovereignty over the individual, like socialism & communism. Same 💩 sammich, different condiments We don’t need a solution to CO2 Fascism, communism, socialism are variants of State sovereignty and individual submission & servitude to the State. Same 💩sammich, different condiments. One has a monopoly on force, the other does not. For “climate denier” you gave the definition of  “climate CHANGE denier” But, I don’t deny “climate change” either.  But, I calculate my contribution to atmospheric energy as less than 1/2 of 1-trillionth. What do you calculate it to be? “Bureaucracy” reflects the intended “cabinet” structure of government.  “Burrocracy” is a better reflection of the endemic jackassery So, CO2 now acts differently “per capita”? Or is that just your “social justice” talking? Well that’s all very interesting… And there it is…it’s all about wealth redistribution.  “Climate” isn’t a reason, it’s an excuse The climate changes.  CO2’s total contribution to atmospheric energy is small. Human contribution to CO2 is small In comparison to normal CO2 exchange, human production is less than 5%.  I’ve done my calculations. You say they’re wrong.  Show me YOUR calculations for YOUR contribution to atmospheric energy. Restorative Ag actually sequesters CO2. We need more cows, not fewer, to restore health to the grasslands So, your citation has us right here in terms of temperature. Seems more of a recovery than a catastrophe. I have not analyzed the data. On what basis would I base my (dis)agreement? Republicanism is the promoting the ideal “that all men are created equal, that they are endowed with certain unalienable rights, that among these are Life, Liberty & the Pursuit of Happiness, that to secure these Rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just power from the consent of the governed.” The “Republicans” that promote otherwise have been referred to as “Republican in Name Only” since the beginning; now abbreviated as RINO’s.  What issue do you have with the founding ideals of our Republic? Do you think they’re morally wrong, or that people haven’t adhered to them? Are you more in line with the Marxists who align with Rousseau, that life itself is a gift of the Prince (Natural superiors, per Marx), and not merely a bounty of nature, such that if the prince says you should die, you should die? You’re for the “idyllic” feudal society advocated by Marx?—the rich & the poor with no middling caste? Marxism is slavery. That’s why it aligns easily with the Democrat party who cannot take tax dollars fast enough. Compelled labor is slavery. The loss per EV currently exceeds $50k per vehicle. When that is the only option, there will be no more hiding that cost in hydrocarbon vehicles. Only the rich will have cars—the “natural superiors”. There’s a difference between capitalism and the free market, which is a voluntary exchange of good for good.  In the ultimate form of capitalism, all capital (property, machinery, “means of production” would be held by 1 individual, or a small cadre—that’s called “communism” So what was my CO2 contribution to the transition from hothouse to cold house? In which do plants grow better? Hot or cold? The cold house with famine & plague? That’s the ideal? no need to imagine when you can just read their fomentations anytime you undermine their narrative with facts. how are they invalid 3200? 35? 5? what number is incorrect? 3200? 35? 5? <10%? <100%?  Does CO2 contribute MORE than 100% to the ghg effect? Does CO2 have any limits on energy absorption in your world? I'm just trying to get to the truth, so I presented my ideas to be falsified. Besides anger, there's mountains of correlation, superstition & wishful thinking... but no causation. statistics with a double-twist & a backflip \"MBH98 Fortran code (ftp://holocene.evsc.virginia.edu/pub/MBH98/TREE/ITRDB/NOAMER/pca-noamer) contains an unusual data transformation prior to PC calculation that has never been reported in print. Each tree ring series was transformed by subtracting the 1902–1980 mean, then dividing by the 1902–1980 standard deviation and dividing again by the standard deviation of the residuals from fitting a linear trend in the 1902–1980 period. The PCs were then computed using singular value decomposition on the transformed data\" I wonder when this methodology was calibrated.  If everyone takes his data and manipulates it the same way, they'd get the same results. that doesn't legitimize the methodology. true, NASA is very susceptible to funds.  Probably based on the idea that the solar cycle is on a downward trend. I'm no more worried about 1/100 of an inch per year of increase or decrease when there is nothing I can do about it. that's CO2's super power, by starting at 2.8 parts in 10,000, then increasing by 1.4 parts in 10,000, you get the claim *gasp* 50% increase. agencies funded to find APCC lauding the work of one of their own to continue the money train? that would never happen 12,000ppm/400ppm = 30 3000% higher that ambient CO2 sounds like we're right there on the edge:) that's a funny quote. I did not catch it it should have a level inside the covid masks that we wore \"for the greater good\"... (history shows \"for the greater good\" never is) then you should be able to identify EXACTLY what will happen by reducing 5billion tons from the 3200billion tons in the atmosphere.  If you cannot do that, you are imposing a superstition.  What's a good way to augment agriculture? NOT covering arable land with solar panels of limited utility on their way to becoming hazardous waste.  Do you think all of those fields of hazmat have bonds for their removal & disposal? Or, do you think they'll take the government subsidies then mysteriously go bankrupt after some sizable campaign donations (per the norm)?  I'm guessing the latter. OK, so eco systems CAN handle  10degrees per day 50C in a season but cannot handle 2C in 200years...0.01C per year?
 	sure. I'll go with that. That's part of recovering from the pre-industrial ice-age. CO2 levels have also been a lot higher--upwards of 7000pm.  Thank you for confirmation.  I did not know about the CO2 fairies, because without them, at 296ppm, we were dangerously close to vegetive collapse (below 200ppm)--that's 1/10,000th away from mass famine & death on a scale Carbonistas only dream. So, how do we get the time machine to wind back the clock? Oh yeah, give all your money to the green world order.  Back in reality:  CO2: lets use 20% ghg contribution (instead of 5-7%)           3286Btons, 5/USA with over 300M my CO2 contribution to atmospheric energy:  20%(5/3286)/300M= 1/1,000,000,000,000 8billion of those: 8/1000's 8/1000's of 4C = 32/1000 = 0.03C per year cost: $12k/person per year = $96trillion/year.  cost/benefit: $96trillion/0.03 = ($  )/person per year per degree C thank you for the pre-industrial ice age ended with the increase of solar output. Oceans have gone from 8.3 to about 8.2 ph.  neutral is 7 the oceans have become less basic, or caustic. I rounded up form the CO2Coalition.org's 5-7% because it's easier math and favors your position.  Use any number between 10&100%...the answers are different, but the conclusion remains \"Climate irrelevant\" I don't counter any of the science. not even yours.  I'm good with the 3286B tons of CO2 in the atmosphere. I had calculated about 3279, but rounded down.  you're upset because the logical conclusion that less than 1 part in 1-trillion is irrelevant. it's not me who can't do the math somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. Use 100%. The answer is just 10x sub-irrelevant yep. and the contribution of human generated CO2 is climate-irrelevant somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. thank you for checking the math and confirming the conclusion. again, using the totality of CO2, not the human contribution that could only be hypothetically addressed. CO2 is such a powerful ghg that it caused temperatures to increase 1000 years before it did itself.  Does that make it like some Chuck Norris of molecules, or Jedi Master Molecule controlling the climate with a thought what i think is fun is that you can't falsify a simple math problem, but instead pick up the goalposts and run all over the field declaring yourself a winner.  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. but you still refuse to simply falsify the proof below. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. you can tell the size of a man by the size of what makes him mad. You're upset by \"greeniac\" and moreso by 1/2 part in 1-trillion--less than 1 drop in 20 Olympic swimming pools full of drops.  I promise, I won't be offended if you falsify my work:  somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. sure. we're each responsible for 1/2 part of 1-trillionth on average. We're also responsible in how we handle limited resources. Do we clammor for the privelege of giving our GDP to \"green\" oligarchs under the pretense that reducing the planets temperature by a fraction of 0.008C, or do we put our efforts towards the betterment of mankind? No idea who this guy is, but the assigned groupthink is that allowing you to keep more of the money you earn is bad economic policy. falsify my data somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking. why? I ceded to the use of 100% and you're still \"climate irrelevant.\" 1/20th of \"climate irrelevant\" is what, \"climate irrelevanter\" convince me that my CO2 footprint is actually relevant to atmospheric energy and then we can start whittling down to the nitty-gritty. and, you're talking about the entire 3200gigatons of CO2, not my contribution.  collectively, if china & india weren't kicking out more CO2 while pulling in our GDP, then the collective 35/3200's might be a thing, but as long as asia is growing 10:1 of our austerity, none of this changes....not that it would anyway because H2O remains the predominant ghg. what numbers do you have, and from where? I guess you should call out OurWorldInData for being a liar, along with SkepticalScience, and whoever else recently confirmed 3286billiontons of CO2. interesting fineprint.  \"and with my reconstructed temperature prediction based on (my interpretation) of comments made by Dr. Lindzen.\" dunno. the drop I'm talking about is the comparative value of your carbon footprint to atmospheric energy less than 1/2 drop in 20 olympic pools full of drops. somehow the greeniac solution is always communism BL: your CO2 impact on climate is less than 1-trillionth. 8B-trillionth's = 8/1000 (global anthropogenic impact) 8/1000's of 2C is 0.016C (total temperature effect) facts: 1) CO2 is <10% of the ghg effect (5-7%) 2) The US generates <5 of over 3200B-tons in air 3) 300M live in USA MATH: (10%)(5/3200)/300M <1/2-trillionth 1-trillionth = 1 drop in 20 Olympic pools of drops (20drops/ml, 2,500,000L/pool) Conclusion: The impact of NetZero is NadaZero (1T drops)(1ml/20drops)(1L/1000ml)(1 pool/2.5M-L) = 20 pools Your “carbon footprint” is the equivalent of 1/2 drop in 20 Olympic size swimming pools full of drops. invidious.tiekoetter.com/PpcISHuSCpo Since the USA has the highest per-captia average, lets apply it globally to 8billion people longing to flourish with the hydrocarbons being restricted. 8-billion ½-trillionths = 4/1000 The looming “sky is falling” crisis? 1.5C --< 2degrees above the famine & plague of the pre-industrial ice-age. 4/1000’s of 2C = 0.008C. So IF and only IF all of humanity went NetZero at the cost of trillions of dollars every year, then we might decrease atmospheric energy by 0.008C, but that’s just the math talking.
 	Just like how now there are 3 Lymans in Utah’s gubernatorial race maybe there are multiple Mr. and Mrs. Private who signed @SpencerJCox’s petitions that put him on the Primary ballot. 🤷‍♂️ #utpol Spencer Cox is corrupt.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Spencer Cox is corrupt.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Spencer Cox is corrupt.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman @UtahGOP @SpencerJCox Spencer Cox is corrupt.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman @UtahGOP @SpencerJCox Very well said. Error may lie to preserve its reputation but, more often, goes to the next step of bearing false witness. One is protecting one’s reputation, the other is destroying someone else’s reputation in order to maintain the allusion of being right. It’s interesting how Spencer Cox’s public records requests page doesn’t seem to allow for an actual request to be submitted? What am I missing?  Seems as though the focus of this page is to highlight that “The governor has the authority to create policies regarding records. See Utah Code § 63G-2-704. Please find the record management policy for the Office of the Governor below. The policy governs, in part, records requests submitted to the governor or the Office of the Governor.”  There is no focus or priority on transparency or direction for the people of Utah to get access to public records.  Those who have nothing to hide, hide nothing.  governor.utah.gov/records-re… #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt  #utpol Thank you. We are not the “gold standard” and I pray Utahns will wake up to the reality of the corruption that has infiltrated our state. Thank you for this. 🙏🏻 Utahns are beyond creative. Thank you for such support and encouragement. Let’s save Utah! A media outlet or investigative journalist who is not owned by Utah’s Establishment. Thank you, Utah! #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you, American Fork!! #WriteInPHILLyman Without exception. Obviously, your feelings don’t care about facts.  #Propaganda For the ONLY conservative choice for governor. #WriteInPHILLyman Are you paying attention, Utah? Is our sanctuary state status and @SpencerJCox’s “New Americans” aka illegal aliens making Utah ripe for election fraud? #utpol #UtahCorruption
 	Thank you, Davis County!! #WriteInPHILLyman “Most secure election in history” Trump won. Climate change is merely a tool used by adversaries to exert control. Yes the climate is changing, it always has, but I don't believe humans are responsible, and even if we are, there is nothing the United States can do about it. Using climate change as a pretext to shut down industries is unjust and absurd. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Why is Utah a member state of the Office of New Americans State Network? This is the network that has categorized and defined illegal aliens as “New Americans.” Words matter, definitions matter….this is a perilous path for Utah.  “Each New Year’s Day since 1978, the Washington Post has published its “What’s In-What’s Out” list for the benefit of fashionable elites obsessed with being properly informed of the newest trends, products, celebrities, cultural “norms,” and politically correct terms. This year it’s quite likely that list will suggest jettisoning the current term “undocumented immigrants” – one that euphemistically replaced “illegal aliens” years ago – in favor of “New Americans.” fairus.org/blog/2023/12/0… #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Why is Utah a member state of the Office of New Americans State Network? This is the network that has categorized and defined illegal aliens as “New Americans.” Words matter, definitions matter….this is a perilous path for Utah.  “Each New Year’s Day since 1978, the Washington Post has published its “What’s In-What’s Out” list for the benefit of fashionable elites obsessed with being properly informed of the newest trends, products, celebrities, cultural “norms,” and politically correct terms. This year it’s quite likely that list will suggest jettisoning the current term “undocumented immigrants” – one that euphemistically replaced “illegal aliens” years ago – in favor of “New Americans.” fairus.org/blog/2023/12/0… #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Spencer Cox is corrupt.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman @UtahGOP @SpencerJCox It’s interesting how Spencer Cox’s public records requests page doesn’t seem to allow for an actual request to be submitted? What am I missing?  Seems as though the focus of this page is to highlight that “The governor has the authority to create policies regarding records. See Utah Code § 63G-2-704. Please find the record management policy for the Office of the Governor below. The policy governs, in part, records requests submitted to the governor or the Office of the Governor.”  There is no focus or priority on transparency or direction for the people of Utah to get access to public records.  Those who have nothing to hide, hide nothing.  governor.utah.gov/records-re… #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt  #utpol True. Will Americans accept another stolen election? This is also true when the Utah Establishment says something is “dividing the party.” Spencer Cox is corrupt. Deidre Henderson is corrupt.  The Utah Establishment is corrupt. Our Party’s leadership is corrupt.  The vast majority of Utah’s elected officials are corrupt.  #utpol #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt This is also true when the Utah Establishment says something is “dividing the party.” Spencer Cox is corrupt. Deidre Henderson is corrupt.  The Utah Establishment is corrupt. Our Party’s leadership is corrupt.  The vast majority of Utah’s elected officials are corrupt.  #utpol #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt Utah is the fool’s “gold standard” of election integrity.  @DeidreHenderson  #utpol Don’t California Our Utah #Propaganda #Propaganda Thank you. ✅ I am the ONLY conservative choice for governor.  #WriteInPHILLyman TDS is real. TDS is real. #WeAreABureacracy Let's get rid of the sales tax on food in Utah. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Apparently, some Utahns think we need more of Governor Cox’s @SpencerJCox  “New Americans” aka illegal aliens.  @gopTODD  #utpol Same with elections. #ClimateCult This is great news. Thank you. I am not fighting corruption because I am running for governor, I am running for governor to fight corruption.  Utah corruption runs rampant.  We are fighting back with 4 lawsuits. If any of these legal battles speak to you or give you an opportunity to fight back against Utah’s corruption please consider donating at secure.anedot.com/lymanforut… #utpol #UtahCorruption #WriteInPHILLyman I am not fighting corruption because I am running for governor, I am running for governor to fight corruption.  Utah corruption runs rampant.  We are fighting back with 4 lawsuits. If any of these legal battles speak to you or give you an opportunity to fight back against Utah’s corruption please consider donating at secure.anedot.com/lymanforut… #utpol #UtahCorruption #WriteInPHILLyman 👏🏻 Accurate. Thank you, I am so appreciative. Thank you so much. God bless you and God bless Utah. Thank you! Please do! Thank you, God bless Utah. Accurate. Thank you! Do you know the timestamp? “New Americans” is just a term to conflate illegal aliens and all other documented/legal immigrants. Thank you, Washington County!! #WriteInPHILLyman The virtue signalers and Establishment would have Utahns believe that they are not using @SpencerJCox’s term “New Americans” aka illegal aliens to conflate illegal aliens and documented/legal immigrants.  The Utah Establishment will always put legal, law abiding citizens last.  business.utah.gov/gtna/ americanimmigrationcouncil.o… #utpol #UtahCorruption Utah GOP is failing us. The entire mass migration disagreement is how Democrats have unilaterally laundered and increased what were formally called “illegal immigrants” into this faux legal “refugee” and “asylee” status. Dems expand it.  Weiler GOP “welp, works for me”. 🤬 Utah’s corruption has been on full display these last few months.  Spencer Cox and the members of our state’s Establishment have orchestrated and architected  numerous strategies to obstruct and subvert our efforts for election transparency and integrity.  Here is an explanation of the 4 lawsuits that we are involved in to fight back against Utah’s deep seated corruption.  If you have been looking for a way to take a stand and fight back, please consider donating at secure.anedot.com/lymanforut… #utpol #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt @SpencerJCox @gopTODD @mikemckellutah  @LGHendersonUtah  @UtahGOP 🙏🏻🇺🇸 Fraud in Utah County? Here is Senator Mike McKell’s signature list of names that were gathered to put him on the Primary ballot. Mike McKell ( Spencer Cox’s brother in law) lives in and represents Utah County. @SpencerJCox had the most signatures (11460) gathered from Utah County for the names needed for him to be put on the Primary ballot. Why such obstruction when we requested McKell’s signature list? Why such obstruction and lies when we have requested Don Ipson’s signatures? Why such obstruction when we have requested any public records pertaining to the names of those who signed to put Spencer Cox on the Primary ballot? People who have nothing to hide, hide nothing. @DeidreHenderson  #utpol #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt Fraud in Utah County? Here is Senator Mike McKell’s signature list of names that were gathered to put him on the Primary ballot. Mike McKell ( Spencer Cox’s brother in law) lives in and represents Utah County. @SpencerJCox had the most signatures (11460) gathered from Utah County for the names needed for him to be put on the Primary ballot. Why such obstruction when we requested McKell’s signature list? Why such obstruction and lies when we have requested Don Ipson’s signatures? Why such obstruction when we have requested any public records pertaining to the names of those who signed to put Spencer Cox on the Primary ballot? People who have nothing to hide, hide nothing. @DeidreHenderson  #utpol #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt #WriteInPHILLyman This is rich, @LGHendersonUtah claims that @UtahCountyGov Clerk was \"too strict in their review of signatures\". Never mind that the Davis County Clerk was too loose in verifying the @coxforgovernor signatures on his nomination petition. Leaving Cox at least 300 signatures short of his 28000 threshold. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Inaccurate and incorrect.  Is Mike McKell lying or just ignorant? #utpol #UtahCorruption Truth Recaptured Jody Lyman and her children share the truth of the special prosecution and charges levied against husband, and father, Phil Lyman. “When you're a principled person, the fight will come to you.\" -Phil Lyman Truth Recaptured Jody Lyman and her children share the truth of the special prosecution and charges levied against husband, and father, Phil Lyman. “When you're a principled person, the fight will come to you.\" -Phil Lyman It’s a good evening when you have the linebackers from the San Juan Broncos (State champs 3 years in a row) in your office reviewing game film! Such great young men! I expect the winning streak to continue!! Let’s all be sure to thank @SpencerJCox for making Utah a sanctuary for “New Americans” aka illegal aliens.  #utpol #UtahCorruption americanimmigrationcouncil.o… @ARDavidson is right. The Utah elections office is very selective about what they are “concerned” about. They scrutinize and publicize on one hand while they cover up and obstruct transparency with the other. #SCAMdemic 🤔 #ClimateScam Thank you, St. George!! #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you. Your support and votes are very much appreciated. 🇺🇸 Thank you, I am grateful. So much corruption in the Cox administration. I’m voting for Phil Lyman. Thank you!🙏🏻 Thank you, I’m beyond grateful. Yes! Truth Recaptured For those who care about this... Write in \"Phil Lyman\" for Gov this coming election. Just spend a few minutes reading about his position and past defiance to the feds land grabs. @phil_lyman @NatalieforUtah Yes. Accurate. Yes they are.  Their fool’s “gold standard” of elections will be exposed if UNIVERSAL vote by mail is terminated. The entire signature gathering operation is corrupt.  Spencer Cox is corrupt.  Any member of the Establishment that does not support and advocate for a true and unbiased, forensic audit conducted by a third party of @SpencerJCox’s names of the signatories that put him on the Primary ballot are complicit. #utpol Prison. Not one aspect of the signature verification process holds up to any amount of scrutiny.
 	No he did not. I believe Spencer Cox never had the signatures required to qualify for the Primary ballot.   @SpencerJCox is an illegitimate candidate until his signatures that put him on the Primary ballot are verified by a true, unbiased forensic audit and the results of the Primary election are verified.  #utpol #UtahCorruption @UtahGOP  @DeidreHenderson Spencer Cox: the red state governor who believes biological males should compete in females’ sports.  politico.com/news/2022/03/22… There is a massive difference between the legitimate candidate @phil_lyman and illegitimate @GovCox.  Make sure you print and share copies of Phil's extremely informative Write in Flyer with everyone you know! You can download it at lymanforutah.com/Print-at-Ho… #WriteInPHILLyman Utah is still doing mail-in ballots, despite our attempts to have it reverted. Oddly enough, @GovCox by some miracle has support to remain our governor too, I’m calling bullshit! Signs like this are all over my county, we want @phil_lyman!! Correct. Thank you.  Let’s Make Utah Red Again. #WriteInPHILLyman Sounds like you condone Spencer Cox’s corruption. Especially the ones where the majority of the justices have been appointed by Spencer Cox.  We are dealing with a government apparatus in Utah that has been completely captured by the Establishment. Thank you!! ✅ #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you for your support.  Let’s take back Utah. #WriteInPHILLyman NA #WriteInPHILLyman We have been told my full name is adequate, but there is no harm in writing in both of our full names. \"People who don't engage in election fraud aren't offended by you talking about it, and they don’t try to punish you for it.\" - Dr Ben Carson @LGHendersonUtah @SpencerJCox  #utpol #UtahCorruption kuer.org/news/2016-11-28/lt-… 🎯 Exactly. Is it just me or is there a pattern here? Yes,  @SpencerJCox, exposing Utah’s election fraud is a “very dangerous game.”  Utahns are waking up to your consistent pattern of obstruction, subversion and corruption. Those you have branded as “conspiracy theorists” are on to you.  “People who have nothing to hide, hide nothing” - Phil McGraw #utpol #UtahCorruption #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt   deseret.com/utah/2021/12/1… Is it just me or is there a pattern here? Yes,  @SpencerJCox, exposing Utah’s election fraud is a “very dangerous game.”  Utahns are waking up to your consistent pattern of obstruction, subversion and corruption. Those you have branded as “conspiracy theorists” are on to you.  “People who have nothing to hide, hide nothing” - Phil McGraw #utpol #UtahCorruption #SpencerCoxIsCorrupt   deseret.com/utah/2021/12/1… How is asking for a full copy of the voter rolls “sowing mistrust”? What’s the argument for allowing the government to hide 40% of the voter rolls? This says it all!  Write in Phil Lyman for Governor! He is offended because it’s true. “Inside every progressive is a totalitarian screaming to get out.” - David Horowitz 🎯 🇺🇸 Without fail. #WriteInPHILLyman Will the real PHIL Lyman please stand up.  #WriteInPHILLyman  #utpol I’d love to see it!🇺🇸 However much you mistrust Utah’s legacy media, it will never be enough.  “A teenager” as @KUTV2News reported, is a Venezuelan gang member.  @SpencerJCox has made Utah into a sanctuary state for his “New Americans” aka illegal aliens.  #utpol americanimmigrationcouncil.o… However much you mistrust Utah’s legacy media, it will never be enough.  “A teenager” as @KUTV2News reported, is a Venezuelan gang member.  @SpencerJCox has made Utah into a sanctuary state for his “New Americans” aka illegal aliens.  #utpol americanimmigrationcouncil.o…… #NeverForget A person that oversees their state’s elections that actually wants to have election integrity?   How did Ohio get so lucky? How did Utah get so unlucky with @LGHendersonUtah?  \"People who don't engage in election fraud aren't offended by you talking about it, and they don’t try to punish you for it.\" - Dr Ben Carson @LGHendersonUtah @SpencerJCox  #utpol #UtahCorruption americanimmigrationcouncil.o… Thank you. 🙏🏻🇺🇸 #ScamAwareness Your governor is friendly with my governor. (Hi, Coloradan here) that alone is enough of a reason to boot Cox out.  Polis flys under the radar, but he’s slimy and corrupt. Don't become Colorado, Utah. ♥️ @BasedMikeLee @phil_lyman @MayorStaggs @glennbeck @TuckerCarlson Fake News KSL calls ILLEGAL ALIEN wanted by AP&P \"man\" or by his name Espinoza, but fails to factually State this \"man\" is indeed an illegal alien.  @KSL5TV @kslnewsradio @KSLcom After 10 years of @GovCox as LG and Gov, #utah is unaffordable, being flooded by illegals, has gang violence in formerly quiet suburbs, corrupt (constantly giving taxpayer $ to billionaires), etc.  While his policies make life worse, he & his friends party! Totally out of touch. #utpol The same goes for elections. Is this satire? Is this satire? Seems as though all of Utah’s Mr. and Mrs. Private were eager to sign for Spencer Cox to be put on the Primary ballot.  Spencer Cox is an illegitimate candidate until there is a forensic audit of the signatures that “qualified” him for the Primary ballot conducted by an unbiased, 3rd party.  #utpol #UtahCorruption In Utah, it’s not the Democrats who run cover for election fraud, it’s the Establishment “Republicans.” Case in point,   @LGHendersonUtah has a “R” next to her name. The same Deidre Henderson who will not release the names of the signatories that put Spencer Cox on the Primary ballot. The same Deidre Henderson who has obstructed every public records request for public election data.  The same Deidre Henderson who has unlawfully denied my Voter Rolls request 3x.  Those who have nothing to hide, hide nothing.  #utpol #UtahCorruption As governor, Utah will not operate as a sanctuary for illegal aliens.  @SpencerJCox has put all Utahns at unnecessary risk.  Why should Spencer Cox’s “New Americans” aka illegal aliens come before Utah citizens?  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman  americanimmigrationcouncil.o… Absolutely nothing to see here, move along.  @realDonaldTrump Make Term Limits Great Again 💯 Utahns can thank Governor Spencer Cox for making Utah a sanctuary for illegal aliens.  Apparently Cox’s “New Americans” aka illegal aliens are taking full advantage Utahns’ goodwill.  @SpencerJCox and @jaredpolis Utahns can thank Governor Spencer Cox for making Utah a sanctuary for illegal aliens.  Apparently Cox’s “New Americans” aka illegal aliens are taking full advantage of Utahns’ goodwill.  @SpencerJCox and @jaredpolis Utahns can thank Governor Spencer Cox for making Utah a sanctuary for illegal aliens.  Apparently Cox’s “New Americans” aka illegal aliens are taking full advantage of Utahns’ goodwill.  @SpencerJCox and @jaredpolis Utahns can thank Governor Spencer Cox for making Utah a sanctuary for illegal aliens.  Apparently Cox’s “New Americans” aka illegal aliens are taking full advantage of Utahns’ goodwill.  @SpencerJCox and @jaredpolis Good riddance Good riddance People like this are why an “R” next to people’s names means nothing. SO good. nitter.tiekoetter.com/phil_lyman/status/1838… #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman No, this is misleading. Both Phil Lyman and Spencer Cox were in St. George this weekend. But only Phil attended this event. Cox did NOT attend this Constitution Day with delegates. Instead, he chose to attend an invite only fundraising event that night.  Cox paid for a booth to be set up at the Constitution Day event. And hired a couple of employees. This is the most action the booth saw all morning. I've been campaigning for 5 solid months. I have NEVER seen Spencer Cox attend any event with delegates.   #utpol, #LymanforGovernor, #GovCox 😅 Yes! #WriteInPHILLyman Caption this: NA I was one of those targeted for supporting @phil_lyman.  My response: Write in the #RealPHILLyman “Keep Utah Weird” - Spencer Cox A big issue for election transparency is the role of ERIC, a Soros-associated nonprofit, in maintaining our voter rolls. Many have tried to get copies of the reports that ERIC sends to #Utah only to be denied by @LGHendersonUtah  #utpol It looks like a federal law, the National Voter Registration Act, allows citizens to access those reports. We have submitted a GRAMA request for those reports. We will keep you updated on how @LGHendersonUtah, who isn't known for being transparent, responds. #utpol It looks like a federal law, the National Voter Registration Act, allows citizens to access those reports. We have submitted a GRAMA request for those reports. We will keep you updated on how @LGHendersonUtah, who isn't known for being transparent, responds. Utah is broken.  #WriteInPHILLyman  #utpol ksl.com/article/51029084/phi… Utah is broken.  #WriteInPHILLyman  #utpol ksl.com/article/51029084/phi… If Spencer Cox has any say, yes. Thank you SO much for this.  If Governor Cox is elected in November, Utah is lost.  I am the ONLY conservative choice for governor.  #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you SO much for this.  If Governor Cox is elected in November, Utah is lost.  I am the ONLY conservative choice for governor.  #WriteInPHILLyman As someone who has lived in Utah my whole life what is going on here is terrifying! I live in what WAS a nice suburb of SLC but now we have Venezuelan gang member shooting at people! I just hope we have a fair election and @phil_lyman wins! Utah Republicans are the BEST! What a fantastic day we had at the Washington County Constitution Day event.  #WriteInPhilLyman @GovCox did this.  I am writing in @phil_lyman for Governor of Utah. nitter.tiekoetter.com/phil_lyman/status/1835… What you get when someone is “elected” using Utah’s “gold standard” of elections.  #SelectedNotElected #utpol Fantastic. Now do #Utah @LGHendersonUtah  #utpol nitter.tiekoetter.com/phil_lyman/status/1838… For years, #Utah has hidden about 40% of the voter rolls from the public.  It looks like federal law may allow people to access the full voter rolls.  We submitted this request to @lghendersonutah this weekend. We will keep you updated about how her office responds.  #utpol  nitter.tiekoetter.com/phil_lyman/status/1838… Thank you for being a voice of support and truth.  Utah is worth standing up for. 🇺🇸 This is true. ✅ Spencer Cox is an illegitimate candidate until the signatures that put him on the Primary ballot undergo a forensic audit, performed by an unbiased, third party.  The “legislative audit” was merely the foxes performing an audit of the henhouse.  #utpol #UtahCorruption Why I’m Running for Governor us14.campaign-archive.com/?u… #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman For the only Republican and truly conservative choice for governor #WriteInPHILLyman. #utpol Spencer Cox is an illegitimate candidate until the signatures that qualified him for the Primary ballot undergo a forensic audit by an unbiased, third party aka a true audit.  #utpol @SpencerJCox @LGHendersonUtah @UtahGOP  Watch this for more info on the corruption, collusion, and cover up.  invidious.tiekoetter.com/watch?v=icVQLJ8i… If it has not been clear in the past, it should be clear now that Utah is undergoing a hostile takeover. We have said throughout the campaign that if you are waiting for the legislature to fix this problem, you are waiting in vain. If you think the courts will fix this problem, think again. This will take the determination of the people. We intend to give this our full effort and attention.  Utah is worth standing up for, fighting for, and saving.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman “In December, Cox received a $50,000 donation from David E. Cumming and another $50,000 donation from John Cumming, both of whom registered their contributions under the same Wyoming address as the Cumming Foundation. The foundation’s vice president and executive director, Annette Cumming, was previously the board chair for Planned Parenthood Association of Utah and is currently on the Planned Parenthood Federal Political Action Committee.” - The Federalist #utpol #UtahCorruption thefederalist.com/2024/04/25… I have always believed government should be a bottom up, not a top down, approach. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Spencer Cox is an illegitimate candidate and a corrupt governor.     sltrib.com/news/politics/202… Persisting in the fight for Utah’s election integrity IS a very dangerous game.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you Logan!! #WriteInPHILLyman I am certain that unspeakable good is going to take place.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Cox gushes over failed Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg, and snaps enthusiastic selfies with Joe Biden while “praying for him to be successful.” His wife Abby Cox’s podcast covered liberal topics like unconscious racial bias and reinforcing gender dysphoria in children. His campaign is bankrolled by far-left megadonors like the Cumming family, which includes a former board chair for Planned Parenthood of Utah. This perhaps explains why Lt. Gov. Deidre Henderson joined Democrats for a pro-abortion walk-out a few years ago. Cox supports mass third-world migration  Cox wants to import future voters who will accept Democrats’ radical agenda. He wrote in the Washington Post that Utah needs 100,000 immigrants — because more people are the solution to a housing crisis — and we became a sanctuary state under him. Recent headlines and video have captured how illegal immigrants are being bussed and flown in with the support of government officials.  Cox is an authoritarian  During the COVID lockdowns, Cox pushed harmful mandates — telling Utahns to “wear their damn masks!” — then posted pictures of himself without one. Cox wants both the attorney general and the state school board to be appointed by him, rather than elected by the people. Utah’s elections are run by his lieutenant governor, and Cox squashed efforts to put that in the hands of an independent agency.  A crybully, Cox suffers no dissent under the mantra that we must “disagree better.” Exploiting heritage Utahns’ pathological need to be seen as nice, even by people who hate us, he wants you to know if you disagree with him, it’s your fault.  Blaming someone else for your own bad behavior is one of the textbook signs of an abusive relationship.  Cox is a DEI acolyte Cox has implemented a state office of “diversity, equity, and inclusion,” taken COVID funds to help pay for DEI programs in public education, and supported the Utah Jazz’s racist policy of discriminating against white children. When race hustlers attacked a student with special needs at a BYU game, Cox joined the mob and called the youth a “racist as*hole” on social media.  Because publicly attacking a special needs kid is how you “disagree better.”  Cox supports LGBT grooming  Cox is firmly on the side of a for-profit industry that mutilates children and foments violent extremism. He encourages gender dysphoria, wants male athletes to infiltrate girls sports, “shares his pronouns” with impressionable children, doesn’t want to ban porn in schools, and has recognized Pride Month every year in office (except this year, for some reason).  Housing prices have spiked under Cox. Birth rates in Utah have dropped below replacement levels. Salt Lake City is now one of the most dangerous cities in the country. Those who have been paying attention are well aware of Cox’s role in this. At the state party’s convention in April, high-information delegates rejected Cox in favor of challenger, Rep. Phil Lyman, by a vote of about 70 percent to 30 percent.  However, because the business interests in Utah can buy their candidates’ way onto primary ballots   Allowing now for low-information voters and Democrats that have switched sides to force Utah to accept another four years of “leadership” from an effeminate man who only won in 2020 by 1.8 percent in a four-way primary with no runoff. Cox tries to paint himself as a moderate, a political position which is impossible in the current environment. When one side is desperately trying to save the world’s oldest constitutional republic and the other side is conspiring to fundamentally transform it, there can be no middle ground and Cox seems to be rooting for the team that wants to fundamentally Transform it. Maybe Cox should take off his damn Mask and quit pretending to be something he is not. Utahns can thank @SpencerJCox for making Utah a sanctuary for his “New Americans” aka illegal aliens.  Why is Utah a member state of the Office of New Americans State Network? This is the network that has categorized and defined illegal aliens as “New Americans.” Words matter, definitions matter….this is a perilous path for Utah.  “Each New Year’s Day since 1978, the Washington Post has published its “What’s In-What’s Out” list for the benefit of fashionable elites obsessed with being properly informed of the newest trends, products, celebrities, cultural “norms,” and politically correct terms. This year it’s quite likely that list will suggest jettisoning the current term “undocumented immigrants” – one that euphemistically replaced “illegal aliens” years ago – in favor of “New Americans.” fairus.org/blog/2023/12/0… #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Utah: the state with the most corrupt governor, Spencer Cox. Why is Utah the tip of the spear for so many of these destructive pilot programs? This network and our governor, Spencer Cox, is adamant to define illegals aliens as “New Americans.” americanimmigrationcouncil.o…… #utpol This entire signature process, apparatus, does not hold up to any amount of scrutiny.  Those who have nothing to hide, hide nothing. So true. No. Our courts are captured. Agreed! This is an opportunity for those who were elected by the people to stand with the people. Party is important, but not in the face of clear mismanagement, shady business practices, and clear motivation to implement DEI and bring in migrants without proper vetting.  This is why I left the Republican Party and became Independent - because I could not handle how the money was affecting my government and by extension my children.  There has to be a return of the power to the People, or we will lose #Utah.  I stand with Phil Lyman, not bc he is a part of my political Party, but bc he understands what is at stake for Utah if we cannot clean our House.  I will be writing in \"Phil Lyman\" . . . . unless Cox finds another way to interfere with this election.   #utpol  @MikeSchultz_12  @Clancy4Utah  @UtahGOP  @utahlegislature  @utahsenate  @BasedMikeLee  @glennbeck #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you for this. 🇺🇸 We question not only Spencer Cox’s signature petitions’ validity and verification; we also reject the entire apparatus that allows corrupt establishment politicians to retain their power and influence year after year, without any transparency. We are dealing with a deeply corrupt system - the cover up is worse than the original corruption and collusion.  #utpol In the past 10 yrs, Utah has totally gone 2 corrupt,  leftist who use the same playbook over & over & sadly Utahians hook, line & sinkered it all! So tired of hearing \"it's in God's hands!\" 🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️ @phil_lyman @WriteInPhil @UtahGOP Accurate. “Mexican gang?”  I’m certain you mean @SpencerJCox’s “New Americans” aka Illegal aliens.  I wonder if Governor Cox will admonish you to just #DisagreeBetter with his “New Americans.” business.utah.gov/gtna/ map.americanimmigrationcounc… #utpol Yes he is, all the while gaslighting any Utahn who acknowledges, speaks out about, posts, etc the fact that Spencer Cox has turned Utah into a sanctuary for illegal aliens.  Every Utahn is at unnecessary risk due to @SpencerJCox’s criminal negligence.  #utpol #SpencersSanctuary To what level should we ignore and equivocate to corruption to advance our political power?  #utpol They will shame you endlessly for it. 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 Reasonable and logical. ✅ Truth For a governor that will end our sanctuary state status #WriteInPHILLyman WE INVESTIGATED OURSELVES AND CLEARED OURSELVES OF ANY WRONG DOING.  unodc.org/unodc/en/human-tra… I believe a governor should never announce nor share their pronouns, especially, with youth.  @SpencerJCox Propaganda at its finest. The false message is clear: the invasion is actually a “good” thing and improves America.  And anyone who thinks or says differently is a bigot.  All these various networks, programs, institutions, incentives, privileges, etc created for the success of “New Americans” aka illegal aliens. All the while true, legal Americans are struggling to make ends meet.  #utpol #UtahInvasion  newamericaneconomy.org/state… PM me so I can meet you and we can get this painted over. Sounds like you have great neighbors. Please keep us updated. To “vote” for me you will need to write me in. 🇺🇸 So great to see! Thank you for posting! #WriteInPHILLyman We are not experiencing an invasion, we are experiencing a hostile and malevolent invasion. We need to help him so they can get answers. They are helping to root out the corruption in Utah. Bring the darkness out into the light. Utah’s corruption is wrought by unscrupulous politicians, special interest insiders, well - funded lobbyists, unelected bureaucrats, sordid globalists and elites.  Utah’s corruption hive is deep, wide, intense, and pervasive.  #utpol electionhive.com/ Who did #DisagreeBetter, better? #utpol We definitely did #DisagreeBetter, better. I agree, but we had an unfair advantage because parodies are always better than the original. Thank you. I will be voting for @realDonaldTrump in 2024 like I did in 2016 and 2020. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman What a coincidence. I will be voting for the real republican candidate for governor.  #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you!🇺🇸 Thank you @TalkWithSally. Utah is worth standing up for. Love it! #WriteInPHILLyman No. Start with this. NA Utah’s Invasion cis.org/Mortensen/Utah-Redde… Thank you. Utahns do not need to #DisagreeBetter, they #DeserveBetter.  #utpol Jussie Smollett 2.0? Were they wearing MAGA hats, carrying bottles of bleach, and yelled “This is MAGA country?” Did anyone not see this coming? I could see a similar choreographed conversation happening between the illegitimate, corrupt gubernatorial candidate and incumbent governor @SpencerJCox and our corrupt LG @LGHendersonUtah.  They have gone to extreme lengths to hide all information that would verify the signatures that qualified Cox for the Primary ballot and have obstructed all lawful requests for data that would verify the Primary election results. A #DisagreeBetter “Republican.” #utpol A #DisagreeBetter “Republican.” NA “The people who run Utah's state agencies are required to disclose possible conflicts of interest. But the governor's office apparently doesn't think the public has the right to know what those are. In a highly unusual move, the state's Department of Human Resource Management denied a request made in July by the Utah Investigative Journalism Project to obtain copies of conflict-of-interest forms for Cox's cabinet members. who run the agencies that oversee taxes, environmental quality, economic development and more. These agency heads have to file these forms showing their private business interests so Utahns can be confident they are not cashing in on their taxpayer-funded jobs to benefit themselves financially.” - Eric S. Peterson #utpol #CoxIsCorrupt ksl.com/article/51128071/sta… Utah, for a Republican governor, #WriteInPHILLyman. #utpol When I see magazine covers boasting that we’re the #1 state in the nation, I have to wonder what they mean by “state.” At best, we’re the #1 federally managed colony in the nation. Between the directors of the Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service, two unelected administrators in Washington D.C. have more control over what happens on Utah land than the governor of our state. I’m running to be governor of this state, as Governor, I intend to govern all of it. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman #WriteInPHILLyman #WriteInPHILLyman
 	Why is the Executive Director of Count My Vote, the group that successfully brought us the signature path to the ballot, an appointee in the office of former Lieutenant Governor Greg Bell, who served under Governor Herbert before Spencer Cox did? Why was Greg Bell appointed by Lieutenant Governor Deidre Henderson as her “independent” advisor on elections? Can an appointed advisor with clear connections to the current administration be considered “independent?” #UtahCorruption #utpol abc4.com/news/politics/forme… countmyvoteutah.org/facts When a state doesn’t understand personhood, they are unlikely to respect parenthood or statehood. They will view government power as top down; bowing to the federal government while acting as dictator to those they view as “beneath them.”  It is the opposite of the Republican form of government guaranteed by the constitution where just power is derived by the consent of the governed.  #utpol #LymanforUtah Why is this a recurring theme with Governor Cox? #UtahCorruption #utpol sltrib.com/news/2021/07/16/u… We are thankful for the tireless efforts of the clerks and their staff in conducting the recount.  In every step of this process, we have advanced bit-by-bit and the votes we’ve gained in this recount are one more example of that.  What was a race that was too-close-to-call is now even closer. We eagerly await a decision from the Utah Supreme Court to ensure that every legal vote is counted, and every voice is heard. #utpol That’s the question. “won” Yes,  @SpencerJCox, exposing Utah’s election fraud is a “very dangerous game.” The thing is, Utahns are waking up to your consistent pattern of obstruction. Those you have branded as “conspiracy theorists” are on to you.  “People who have nothing to hide, hide nothing” - Phil McGraw #utpol #UtahCorruption deseret.com/utah/2021/12/16/… Do not believe that just because the Utah elections office gets the same count, even on a hand count, that there are not problems. Here, let me demonstrate… #utpol @LGHendersonUtah @ColbyforUtah Do not believe that just because the Utah elections office gets the same count, even on a hand count, that there are not problems. Here, let me demonstrate… #utpol @LGHendersonUtah @ColbyforUtah Do not believe that just because the Utah elections office gets the same count, even on a hand count, that there are not problems. Here, let me demonstrate… #utpol @LGHendersonUtah @ColbyforUtah Yes 🎯 Thank you. Educating your neighbors, friends, family members, etc on what is going on in our state is very helpful. Also directing people to Lymanforgovernor.com is very much appreciated. 🙏🏻🇺🇸 🙏🏻🇺🇸 I am in support of auditing all of it. Audit away.  Thank you for serving as a state delegate. 🇺🇸🙏🏻 Do not believe that just because the Utah elections office gets the same count, even on a hand count, that there are not problems. Here, let me demonstrate… #utpol @LGHendersonUtah @ColbyforUtah Do not believe that just because the Utah elections office gets the same count, even on a hand count, that there are not problems. Here, let me demonstrate… #utpol @LGHendersonUtah @ColbyforUtah I know we can do it and win. When was that? Pray tell. You are the one who claims I voted for it. Why did the Republican Governor’s Association (RGA) give $200,000 to @SpencerJCox’s 2020 campaign… followed by Nomi Health then donating to the RGA?  #utpol #UtahCorruption usatoday.com/in-depth/graphi… NA NA Thank you. 🙏🏻🇺🇸 Thank you, it is very much appreciated. The #DisagreeBetter propaganda campaign is the most manipulative, Machiavellian political schemes I’ve seen in decades. I pray Utahns will not fall victim to it. Utah does not need to negotiate the terms of our surrender, we need to #StandForSomething. #utpol #UtahCorruption The #DisagreeBetter propaganda campaign is the most manipulative, Machiavellian political schemes I’ve seen in decades. I pray Utahns will not fall victim to it. Utah does not need to negotiate the terms of our surrender, we need to #StandForSomething. #utpol #UtahCorruption I’m hoping they will be emboldened and join with us. Washington County UPDATED: Please arrive by 3:30 to give public comment! The meeting begins at four but the public comment period is at 3:30. Thank you! More info and details to come on The Lyman Group. 🇺🇸 🎯 Thank you for the words of encouragement and support. 🇺🇸 Pm me please, I will contact you or have one of my campaign volunteers do so asap. The culture of niceness and tolerance will be Utah's downfall. As you all can see in several responses to @phil_lyman posts telling him/us to essentially sit down and shut up, the left is neither nice nor tolerant. I think you need to change your settings to be able to receive and send DMs. Maybe this is how @SpencerJCox taught him to #DisagreeBetter. They just don’t know that we’re gathering here on 𝕏.  I’m telling everyone I know that 𝕏 is unlike any other platform. We’re working to save the country, starting with Utah. And that they’re not alone in their frustrations!!  Spread the word! 🇺🇸❤️ Getting this C4 all set up. We will be the antithesis of Envision Utah. Yes Correct. @SpencerJCox seems to be transparency disabled. One of the reasons I laugh when someone says that we must vote for Spencer Cox, or “our state will turn blue.” Under @SpencerJCox we are blue.  “You’d think that if 62 percent of voters are upset, incumbents would pay the price for it. But not here in Utah, where we say “all is well” — even when it isn’t.  A poll released in late April reported that 62 percent of Utahns said we were on the wrong track — the first time a majority has ever felt this way. The top concerns were: 1) our current housing affordability crisis, 2) politicians who don’t listen, 3) inflation and 4) government overreach. And the center of this Venn Diagram is Spencer Cox (“R”), who — despite Utahns frustration with the fruit of his works — could get re-nominated with … 62 percent of the vote.” - The Daily Caller #utpol #Lymanforgovernor dailycaller.com/2024/06/18/w…… I’ll take an honest Democrat over a dishonest one, every time. 😅 Accurate. 👀 Accurate. @phil_lyman didn’t undermine my confidence This woman did Yes, Utah did this too. It was all rolled out under the direction of @SpencerJCox. freebeacon.com/coronavirus/u… Yes, Utah did do this too and all under the direction of @SpencerJCox who was “appointed” to lead Utah’s Coronavirus Task Force.  #utpol #UtahCorruption freebeacon.com/coronavirus/u… It’s unconscionable. When you @SpencerJCox have to buy your way onto the Primary ballot.  #utpol #UtahCorruption I’m writing in Lyman - the only difference I see in Cox and King is the difference of being stabbed in the front vs the back. Lyman or bust! It is the “ordinary” people  who will save America! Parents who refuse to let the government destroy their kids. Voters who refuse to let the government steal elections. People who reject surveillance and corruption and who are willing to expose it when they see it. It is an absolute honor to stand with Utahns who simply want not to be lied to.  #utpol Don’t allow this image to be memory holed.  #FightFightFight The members of The Establishment Uniparty of Utah @SpencerJCox @LGHendersonUtah @gopTODD @mikemckellutah have created and reinforced our crisis in confidence. This is 100 percent on them. They have unlawfully refused to share the names of the signatories on the signature lists that put candidates on the Primary ballot. They have denied access to election records that I am legally and lawfully owed. They have used taxpayer dollars for propaganda billboards to convince Utahns that our elections are “secure.” They have threatened any person who questions or attempts to verify our election processes and results. Now, they have sent out mass emails and texts urging Utahns to convince me to backdown. Those who have nothing to hide, hide nothing.  #utpol #UtahCorruption kutv.com/news/politics/vote-… Why is Utah the tip of the spear for so many of these destructive pilot programs? This network is adamant to define illegals aliens as “New Americans.” Why would @SpencerJCox want Utah to be a member state of this network? Why can’t LEGAL Utahns be put first? americanimmigrationcouncil.o…… #utpol Utah: the red state with blue state taxes.  Utahns, what are you going to do with your extra $10 that you received from @SpencerJCox’s  ‘historic’ tax cut? #utpol #UtahCorruption #UtahsFakeTaxCut He smiles a lot. They have to promote their Sustainment Development Goals (SDGs) as mandated by the @IOCMedia for the 2034 Olympics - it appears @GovCox is getting right on it as advised/coerced by their Olympic advisors and auditors. So @DiedreHenderson /@SpencerJCox are pushing #ESG and #DEI for #Utah.  @BasedMikeLee  @SenMikeLee  @glennbeck  @TuckerCarlson  As specified by the International Olympic Committee: #SCAMdemic I remember Spencer cursing at someone at the convention and swearing that smart cities were just a conspiracy theory. I guess he was just having a difficult time disagreeing better that day. When you @gopTODD have to pay a company thousands of dollars to gather signatures so you are put on the Primary ballot.  #utpol Thank you. 🙏🏻 Thank you! 🙏🏻🇺🇸 Pathetic governor @GovCox of Utah is the worst governor ever! He is now the fake nominee after cooking the books in the primaries. I will be writing in @phil_lyman and I urge my statesman to do the same! Cox is a Romney rhino liar!!! He will make Utah worse again. Phil Lyman will make Utah Great Again!! #DEIisPoison #utpol Accurate. Weiler is comfortable with disenfranchising voters because he approves of the result. #Gadianton 🎯 Voter suppression is not a good look. We have allowed the Left to put two-bit thugs in charge of our elections. This is the equivalent of Sam Bankman-Fried funneling billions of dollars to democrats then Bankman-Fried goes to jail while democrats keep all the money. The elections were stolen, but the illegal winners are left in office.  zerohedge.com/political/pres… #Democrats Utah proudly cementing its sanctuary state designation in every possible way. This “need based” pilot scholarship  program is just another example of a #UtahnsLast policy. Why is @SpencerJCox so adamant to provide sanctuary for illegal aliens? Why is Spencer Cox so intent on trail blazing benefits for his “New Americans” aka illegal aliens? #utpol #CoxsSanctuaryState dream.utah.edu/dream_scholar…… usu.edu/financial-supp… weber.edu/undocumented/s… dreamers.byu.edu/scholarship…… $10 a month! Umm…. #utpol #UtahCorruption sltrib.com/news/politics/202… Thank you, I have no intention of caving. 😩 🙏🏻🇺🇸 The Utah GOP wouldn't have to \"spend precious dollars to defend itself\" if the administration released the signatures and came clean. Seems like Utah GOP is the one wasting money. One of these is not like the others.  #Democrats Let's just answer the question. The legislature needs to investigate. Instead, some legislators are running straight-up interference.  le.utah.gov/~2020/bills/stat… #utpol #UtahCorruption In Utah, it’s the establishment Republicans that deny election fraud and go after anyone who asks for the tiniest amount of transparency or verification. ERIC “cleans” them.
 	🎯 Did @BarackObama’s signature list of names to get him on the Primary ballot look like this? Or does this kind of obstruction only occur in Utah for @SpencerJCox to get on the Primary ballot?  A few reminders:  @LGHendersonUtah oversees the elections We were her only opponents If you check the box on your voter registration that you want to be private, the box says your information is STILL LAWFULLY AVAILABLE TO CANDIDATES Why is this list of who signed Cox's petition to put him on the ballot kept from view and names are hidden as \"private\"? Special treatment for the Governor's opponents? #ShowTheNames #UtahCorruption #utpol Me too. ✅ Why did Governor Spencer Cox delay a bill that would have ensured free and fair elections by transferring oversight to an independent entity? Just another example of the fox guarding the henhouse. Remind me how Utah is the “gold standard” of elections.  #UtahCorruption #utpol sltrib.com/news/politics/202… All intentional and all by design. The irony of this post by someone whose done the exact same thing to the @phil_lyman @NatalieforUtah campaign over the suspicious gathering of signatures from the @coxforgovernor campaign.  They could have been up front and honest. It is, and it’s our duty to not allow it. How many times have we been told that Utah is the “gold standard” of elections?  #utpol #UtahCorruption It’s not every day that one of Utah’s own gets recognized for their election/voting “accomplishments” by a SOROS funded organization….. “gold standard.” SMH. #UtahCorruption Here is @GovCox’s digital signature list. 40 percent of the signers’ names are redacted because they are classified as “private” or “withheld.” @LGHendersonUtah has denied me access to the names under these two categories. That’s a problem. Under Utah law I am legally and lawfully owed this information. Follow the law, #ShowTheNames. Our elections officials have purposefully denied me the transparency needed to verify the names on the signature petition that put Spencer Cox on the Primary ballot. Until these names are verified, Spencer Cox is an illegitimate nominee.   #UtahCorruption Yikes. I’m certain of it. Hmmm... #elections #utah Lol Utah RINOS need to listen to Kamala! .@elonmusk does this look like a fair disclosure of petition signatures for a gubernatorial race for someone who got on the ballot after they lost?  Yeah this is Utah.  Utah is the third corrupt state. Only NY and CA surpass it. @phil_lyman Why is the Executive Director of Count My Vote, the group that successfully brought us the signature path to the ballot, an appointee in the office of former Lieutenant Governor Greg Bell, who served under Governor Herbert before Spencer Cox did? Why was Greg Bell appointed by Lieutenant Governor Deidre Henderson as her “independent” advisor on elections? Can an appointed advisor with clear connections to the current administration be considered “independent?” #UtahCorruption #utpol abc4.com/news/politics/forme… countmyvoteutah.org/facts We can thank @GovCox for making Utah a sanctuary for illegal aliens. We can thank Utah’s legacy media, Utah’s RINO establishment’s henchmen, for perpetuating the lie that we are not. Operating as a sanctuary state puts every Utahn at risk, this is criminal negligence.  #UtahCorruption  #utpol cis.org/Report/Americas-Redd… Utah has been infected, infiltrated imbedded and poisoned with the leftist communist fascist democratic RINO regime cult members seeking to destroy the USA as a whole including the economy, the stability being safe and the quality of life of all Utahns! The people must rise up and vote in 2024 to rid ourselves of this deadly virus! I am writing in @phil_lyman name right over the top of Biden and Ukraine conspirator @GovCox Exactly why we are where we are. Excellent. We are getting website ready to go up very soon. I will post here as we have more info. Ploeff does not manage campaigns, he manages elections. He completely took over the Wisconsin election in 2020. Get ready for a major cheat. BTW, “conspiracy theory” was a term created by the CIA to shut down the truth.  msnbc.com/msnbc/amp-video/mm… Yes, no other state’s governor wanted to be enslaved to the United Nations, WADA, the climate alarmists, etc. True, very true. Utah is worth fighting for.🙏🏻🇺🇸 Great question. All intentional, all by design.  #UtahCorruption @gopTODD @mikemckellutah @GovCox @LGHendersonUtah @Amelia4Utah @RickyHatchUT You are smart. It has become painfully obvious who is and who is not on the side of The People. It’s not rocket science. For those who continue to parrot the lies of other legislators, election officials, legacy media, and those whose power and control are at stake, SB47 from 2020 instructs clerks to provide the list of NAMES of signers. I helped prepare the bill and it came through my committee. People who say it prevents counties from providing these names are lying. It does the opposite. Those who continue to push the lie that I voted for the bill that restricts my access to the signatures, are not operating in good faith. I have never wanted the SIGNATURES, I have only ever requested access to the NAMES.  #UtahCorruption #utpol Every time. Quite a revealing statement.  #UtahCorruption ✅ No, that is the gatherers’ names. Citizen journalists are the future. Legacy media is dead. Accurate. “The signature path is largely a tool that is used to protect incumbents,” said the bill’s sponsor, Sen. Dan McCay, R-Riverton. “We forced candidates of lesser means, not incumbents, into the convention system while those with significant financial resources were able to avoid the convention system.”  Yes, that’s exactly what SB 54 did.  #utpol #UtahCorruption sltrib.com/news/politics/202… Disgraceful Is this how @SpencerJCox wants Utah to #DisagreeBetter? Is this how @SpencerJCox imagines Utah will #DisagreeBetter in 2034? Utah, are you prepared for 2034? #DisagreeBetter I was hoping someone that has perfected the art of #DisagreeBetter could tell me. I gave a public one, days ago. For those who continue to parrot the lies of other legislators, election officials, legacy media, and those whose power and control are at stake, SB47 from 2020 instructs clerks to provide the list of NAMES of signers. I helped prepare the bill and it came through my committee. People who say it prevents counties from providing these names are lying. It does the opposite. Those who continue to push the lie that I voted for the bill that restricts my access to the signatures, are not operating in good faith. I have never wanted the SIGNATURES, I have only ever requested access to the NAMES. Utah is worth fighting for. NA It’s my honor and privilege to be able to associate with the good people of Utah.🇺🇸 I’m trying.🙏🏻 Thank you for such generous and kind words. Thank you. I love Utah too much to give up. How is Utah to be the “gold standard” of elections when @LGHendersonUtah refuses to follow the law? I am lawfully and legally privy to the names on @SpencerJCox ‘s signature packets that put him on the Primary ballot.  #UtahCorruption #utpol Yes, we are in the appeals process. Very soon, through The Lyman Group website, people will be able to donate to our legal challenges. We have been warning #Utah NOT to do this for 2 years. @DefendingUtah has been warning about it and put out a blog about it, don't say we didn't warn you.  START USING THE #noslc2034 to make it clear how much you don't want this. @realericmoutsos @disagreebutter @TracieHalvorsen
 	Warrior invidious.tiekoetter.com/jLgQoMhvy10?feature… via @YouTube
 	Since its inception in 2012, ERIC has claimed that it is the solution to voter roll maintenance.  “Unfortunately, after 10 years of ERIC, there is no evidence that it has led to an improvement in accuracy or clean voter rolls. That might be by design. There are strict requirements to contact \"each and every\" person who is \"possibly eligible\" but not registered to vote. However, efforts to improve the accuracy of voter rolls or remove ineligible voters are only required when the state independently validates the ERIC data. ERIC's own statistics show that they add about ten times more voter registrations (including those for people who have asked not to be added) to the voter rolls than they could ever cause to be removed from information provided to its member states.” - Verify Vote Leading up to the 2020 election,  ERIC’s David Becker used EBUs to inflate voter rolls in Georgia. This EBU “project” is one of the main ways 2020 was rigged in states all across the country.  #electioneering “Member states not only provide ERIC with the voter registration records, states must also provide all DMV records. The DMV records include records of people who decline to register. This appears to violate federal law. The NVRA prohibits states from sharing any records that relate to a \"declination to register to vote or to the identity of a voter registration agency through which any particular voter is registered.\" States are also sharing information about individuals who registered and declined to register when they were offered the opportunity to do so in \"other agencies\" such as the Department of Aging and the Department of Human Services.” - Verity Vote #Electioneering “Utah was one of the founding members states of ERIC (Electronic Registration Information Center). ERIC’s creator and former head of the database organization, David Becker, has not been shy about his disdain for all things “conservative”. Becker has a history that cements this disdain. In 2005, he was fired from the DOJ for his role in aiding a “blue” city get around a lawsuit regarding voter suppression of Republicans. This suit had been brought forward by the very department Becker was an employee of.” - The Federalist thefederalist.com/2023/03/15…… #utpol #UtahCorruption Utahns deserve a restoration of our conservative principles and traditional values. Utah is not California and the vast, vast majority of Utahns do not want to live in a pseudo red state run by a liberal, woke governor. I know we have better roads ahead and I plan to #GovernBetter and know that the best ways to do that is adhere to certain principles such as : individual freedom, limited government, The Rule of Law, peace through strength, fiscal responsibility,free markets, and human dignity.  #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman What \"MAGA\" really means The phrase has troubled liberals who think it is a call for a return to an America before civil rights, gay rights, and women's rights. But I have a more generous interpretation, one that is truer to my experience of Donald Trump as he is today. \"Make America Great Again\" recalls a nation brimming with vitality, with a can-do spirit, with hope and a belief in itself. It was an America that was beginning to confront its darker shadows, could acknowledge the injustice in its past and present, yet at the same time could celebrate its successes. It was a nation of broad prosperity, the world's most vibrant middle class, and a idealistic belief (though not consistently applied) in freedom, justice, and democracy. It was a nation that led the world in innovation, productivity, and technology. And it was the healthiest country in the world. I have talked to many Trump supporters. I have talked with his inner circle. I have talked to the man himself. This is the America they want to restore. Because Utah’s governor, @SpencerJCox, has categorized/branded any “asylum” seeking person as a “New American?” #utpol  americanimmigrationcouncil.o… Because Utah’s governor, @SpencerJCox, has categorized/branded any “asylum” seeking person as a “New American?” #utpol  americanimmigrationcouncil.o…… @realDonaldTrump Please don't even THINK about endorsing Spencer Cox. Endorse @phil_lyman!! This is #AmericaFirst! 🇺🇸 Thank you @realDonaldTrump for putting Americans First! Utah’s governor, @SpencerJCox, has categorized/branded any “asylum” seeking person as a “New American.” #utpol  americanimmigrationcouncil.o…… Yes, especially because I have been unlawfully denied the Voter Rolls 3x.  If our VRs are inflated or manipulated in any way, our entire election system/process is fraudulent. Add lack of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion #ScamAwareness Utahns did not elect a governor to negotiate the terms of our surrender.  Utahns did not elect a governor to allow boys in girls’ sports, men in women’s private spaces, Smart Cities, DEI, make Utah a sanctuary state for illegal aliens, grant no - bid Covid contracts to his billionaire friends, and calls Utah’s largest tax handout it’s most “historic tax cut.” For a truly conservative choice for governor #WriteInPhilLyman. #utpol Another one of @SpencerJCox’s “New Americans?” #utpol business.utah.gov/immigratio… How many would Utah find? #utpol My immigration policy differentiates between legal immigration and illegal immigration. We must end our sanctuary state status, and stop allowing other states and cities to export their illegal immigrants to Utah. Spencer Cox is weak on illegal immigration, refusing to say no to illegal immigrants from Denver and other places. Cox has allowed our state to become a destination for illegal immigrants because our policies incentivize their choosing Utah. The widespread impact hurts Utah families as the ripple effects are felt in the economy, our housing supply, and increasing crime.  Intelligent policy balances compassion and compliance. Utah will always have a big heart, but that does not mean we neglect our citizens.  #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman “New Americans” and the Left’s Deceitful Word Games  Changing our language is a tactic of the Left for a reason — it makes it harder to see and discuss the truth. One of the most egregious recent examples is the use of the word “New Americans” to describe immigrants of all kinds, blurring the lines between such separate groups as exchange students and illegal immigrants. Labeling illegal immigrants as refugees, undocumented, DACA recipients , “New Americans,” asylum seekers, etc. does not benefit Utahns. Lumping legitimate political refugees with illegal immigrants only harms those who are lawful asylum seekers. The conflation of these terms and the confusion it creates is intentional. Immigration policy needs to be nuanced, because not all immigrants are the same. Policy based on metaphor and shrouded in these terms that are invented by the Left and parroted by Spencer Cox, undoubtedly leads undesirable outcomes.  #utpol My immigration policy differentiates between legal immigration and illegal immigration. We must end our sanctuary state status, and stop allowing other states and cities to export their illegal immigrants to Utah. Spencer Cox is weak on illegal immigration, refusing to say no to illegal immigrants from Denver and other places. Cox has allowed our state to become a destination for illegal immigrants because our policies incentivize their choosing Utah. The widespread impact hurts Utah families as the ripple effects are felt in the economy, our housing supply, and increasing crime.  Intelligent policy balances compassion and compliance. Utah will always have a big heart, but that does not mean we neglect our citizens.  #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman This November, Utahns will have a conservative choice for governor, #WriteInPhilLyman on your ballot.  #utpol This November, Utahns will have a conservative choice for governor, #WriteInPhilLyman on your ballot.  #utpol 😀 I’m not ok with this. Writing in “Phil Lyman” is best. Thank you. Yes he is. Thank you. Thank you for joining me in this battle. 🇺🇸 Utah's Gov. Cox dodges transparency by not releasing ballot signatures, fueling doubts on election integrity. This isn't just local news—it's a snapshot of fading trust in our democracy. Utah should be a beacon of clarity, not secrecy. #WriteInPhilLyman for a return to transparency. #UtahElection Love it! Tell her thank you! Concerning the faux audit of @SpencerJCox’s signatures that put him on the Primary ballot: You can't leave those who created the problem, in charge of the solution! #utpol #ShowTheNames #ScamAwareness  Here is Spencer Cox’s signature petition. Explain to me how an “audit” that does not include an investigation of the actual names of the signatories, is an audit. It’s all a scam. 🎯 #WriteInPhilLyman #UtahsGOPestablishment #UtahsGOPestablishment “Phil Lyman” Thank you, your vote of confidence is very much appreciated.  #WriteInPhilLyman There will be signs available at events. Any and every time they tell you to “follow the science”, follow the money.  #ScamAwareness No, Utah code and election law dictates that on Lyman is needed. I do think writing in “Phil Lyman” is best, though. Thank you for taking the initiative! Perfect! #WriteInPhilLyman I would expect nothing less from one of @SpencerJCox’s henchmen. They will all intentionally ignore the absolute precarious situation Spencer Cox has put Utah’s legitimate refugees and without fail, they will put virtue signaling at the very top of their agendas. Utahns’ come last on their agenda. “New Americans” and the Left’s Deceitful Word Games  Changing our language is a tactic of the Left for a reason — it makes it harder to see and discuss the truth. One of the most egregious recent examples is the use of the word “New Americans” to describe immigrants of all kinds, blurring the lines between such separate groups as exchange students and illegal immigrants. Labeling illegal immigrants as refugees, undocumented, DACA recipients , “New Americans,” asylum seekers, etc. does not benefit Utahns. Lumping legitimate political refugees with illegal immigrants only harms those who are lawful asylum seekers. The conflation of these terms and the confusion it creates is intentional. Immigration policy needs to be nuanced, because not all immigrants are the same. Policy based on metaphor and shrouded in these terms that are invented by the Left and parroted by Spencer Cox, undoubtedly leads undesirable outcomes.  #utpol I’m busy, I’m at afternoon tea time. I would expect nothing less from one of @SpencerJCox’s henchmen. They will all intentionally ignore the absolute precarious situation Spencer Cox has put Utah’s legitimate refugees and without fail, they will put virtue signaling at the very top of their agendas.  “New Americans” and the Left’s Deceitful Word Games  Changing our language is a tactic of the Left for a reason — it makes it harder to see and discuss the truth. One of the most egregious recent examples is the use of the word “New Americans” to describe immigrants of all kinds, blurring the lines between such separate groups as exchange students and illegal immigrants. Labeling illegal immigrants as refugees, undocumented, DACA recipients , “New Americans,” asylum seekers, etc. does not benefit Utahns. Lumping legitimate political refugees with illegal immigrants only harms those who are lawful asylum seekers. The conflation of these terms and the confusion it creates is intentional. Immigration policy needs to be nuanced, because not all immigrants are the same. Policy based on metaphor and shrouded in these terms that are invented by the Left and parroted by Spencer Cox, undoubtedly leads to undesirable outcomes.  #utpol It is irresponsible to not be aware of the illegal immigration policies and programs that are being implemented in your own state. “Biden’s policies?” This tells me you are not aware of the issues Utah is facing regarding illegal immigration. You think Spencer Cox has no responsibility when it comes to  Utah’s immigration issues? I will continue to hope that those who claim to care about Utahns will begin to research for themselves. There will be no solutions without an admittance of the problem and who is responsible. It’s no longer about Republican and Democrat. Both parties as I have known them my whole life are gone. They are merely empty brands filled with corporate shills and villains of the most evil sort. The election before us now is Liberty vs Tyranny. The American people against the corrupt techno-corporate-state triumphant bent on destroying them. Leading this charge, of all people, is Donald Trump. Who, despite all his flaws, has established a unity movement against the forces of darkness. And in Utah, we have @phil_lyman, who knows that Republicans are equally guilty in delivering us into our present condition as the national democrats. He’s fighting to save Utah from the very same villains Donald Trump is saving the United States from. And it is just as important to get him in Utah’s governor’s mansion as it is ousting the Biden-Harris administration from the White House. So, write in Phil Lyman for governor in November, and we can Make Utah Great Again. #WriteInPhilLyman There can be no legitimate forensic audit of @SpencerJCox’s names that put him on the Primary ballot without complete and total verification of our Voter Rolls. @LGHendersonUtah has unlawfully denied me Utah’s Voter Rolls, three times. I wonder why. Could it be because the Voter Rolls are the key to validating (or invalidating) Utah’s election processes and results?  #utpol That’s the main issue we are dealing with. Utah election code and law dictate that just “Lyman” counts as legitimate vote for me. Of course, writing in “Phil Lyman” is best, but want to keep it simple for voters. Criminal negligence has turned Utah into a sanctuary state for illegal aliens. Why is @SpencerJCox adamant to brand illegal aliens as “New Americans?” business.utah.gov/immigratio… map.americanimmigrationcounc… Making Utah a “sanctuary” for illegal immigration overwhelms our schools, hospitals, law enforcement, etc. These policies and practices are putting Utahns last.  #utpol #UtahCorruption @TaylerUSA Due to the amount of engagement and views on my original post, I’m reposting.  Shining a light on @SpencerJCox’s “New Americans” scam is crucial and of paramount importance.  Words matter, definitions matter, lumping illegal aliens with legitimate asylum seekers, refugees, and naturalized citizens is not only dangerous, it’s criminal negligence. Utah finds itself in a situation where the differentiation between legal and illegal immigrants has been erased. All of this is intentional, of course.  #utpol map.americanimmigrationcounc… business.utah.gov/immigratio… Thank you! Thank you, Utah! 😃 #WriteInPhilLyman It’s terribly revealing as to why our state and country are where they are. Very. Thank you, Utah! #WriteInPhilLyman Why has @SpencerJCox and @LGHendersonUtah blocked and subverted every effort to bring transparency to the signature gathering process?  Until they allow and advocate for a third party, unbiased, legitimate audit of the signatories’ names that put them on the primary ballot, they are illegitimate and fraudulent candidates.  Those who have nothing to hide, hide nothing. @UtahGOP  #utpol   #ShowTheNames #WriteInPhilLyman Thank you. I am beyond grateful and appreciative of all the Utahns who have sacrificed their time, energy, and finances to support our campaign. Utah is worth fighting for! #WriteInPhilLyman Thank you!! #WriteInPhilLyman Let’s take back our state.  #WriteInPhilLyman Bobby Kennedy is Right…  Last week, Bobby Kennedy gave an important speech showcasing different ways in which our government is failing us. While I don’t always agree with him on policy solutions, I respect and admire his tenacity in informing the American public about government overreach, regulatory capture, and the many other conflicts of interest in how our government operates.  Shining the light of truth on Utah’s government has always been one of my top priorities and reasons why I am running for governor. Our processes should be transparent and fair. There should be no double standards for the elite or friends of government officials. Our election security battle has showcased lack of transparency at all levels in our state government, starting at the top with Governor Cox and Lieutenant Governor Henderson. Cox’s no-bid contracts to unqualified companies that later donated to his campaign during Covid and further campaign kickbacks from the members of the Big League Utah board are just two more examples of ways in which our state could do better. Utahns deserve better. #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman In order to win in November we need to get our message to as many Utahns as possible. Will you us help spread our message of truth and transparency across the state? secure.anedot.com/lymanforut… Let’s take our country and our state back and Make Utah Great Again 🇺🇸 “Phil Lyman” We are setting up more repurposing events, I will post when we have confirmations from hosts. No, by law “Phil Lyman” counts as a legitimate vote. Working on it! the Church and NGOs such as the International Rescue Committee (IRC) and Catholic Community Services (CCS) provide support and advocacy for all types of migrants. In the case of the Church, the work is done behind the scenes at the legislature where the majority of legislators are members and through its congregations and volunteer programs. The IRC works with government bodies, civil society actors, and local volunteers to support and advocate for still more benefits for new arrivals in Utah. According to its website: “The CCS Immigration Program stands in solidarity with our sister Catholic Charity programs who serve migrants at the border regardless of status. Our Immigration Program is working with all types of migrants.” Their work is supplemented by food banks and homeless shelters, which provide services to new arrivals with no questions asked. America’s Reddest (and Stealthiest) Sanctuary State — Not So Stealthy Now cis.org/Report/Americas-Redd… via @CIS_org @phil_lyman @CoalitionUtah @BasedMikeLee @VoteTrevorLee You sure this isn’t in Utah? Here it’s the “Republicans” who cheat in broad daylight.  #utpol @SpencerJCox @LGHendersonUtah @UtahGOP Yes, and with ERIC “managing”  voter rolls for Utah….. “Dismissed?” Or did he tell them to #DisagreeBetter? @SpencerJCox @jaredpolis I spotted this in Wellington today! Thank you! 🇺🇸 #WriteInPhilLyman Thank you for your efforts!!  Let’s take back Utah. #WriteInPhilLyman Thank you! We will have signs at repurposing events. I will post details here. I am writing Lyman in Lyman as well!! Write-In Campaign for the real Utah GOP nominees. Vote for our real candidates. @phil_lyman   @NatalieforUtah   @MayorStaggs   @ColbyforUtah Frank Mylar Attorney General Thank you!🇺🇸 Thank you, I’m grateful for the support. Utah is worth fighting for you. Thank you. “The only way to build trust is transparency.” Novel concept!   Don Lemon LEFT SPEECHLESS After Elon Musk Shares His View On Media | #sh... invidious.tiekoetter.com/shorts/wiM589cfV… via @YouTube You failed to mention that LRGC said that our position, while competing, was reasonable and legally defensible based on Utah code. #UtahBillionaresPetProjects You failed to mention that LRGC said that our position, while competing, was reasonable and legally defensible based on Utah code. #utpol When you are the only “no”vote on the base budget. The base budget that grew by $8 billion.  #utpol “Most secure election in history” “81 million votes” “Most secure election in history” “81 million votes” Want to know how to make your state a sanctuary for illegal aliens? These two have endless tips. You can even learn how to make an invasion of your state by illegals from another state look like a humanitarian effort. Regardless of the consequences, always #DisagreeBetter. Right? @SpencerJCox @jaredpolis #DisagreeBetter No, but “Phil Lyman” instead of just “Lyman” is preferable. You do not need Clawson for the vote to count. Unless, of course, you have something to hide. #Trump2024 Nope. 😉 Thank you for such generous and kind words. Which county are you in? #WriteInPhilLyman #WriteInPhilLyman #DisagreeBetter the write way, #WriteInPhilLyman Yes, we are. I’m working on billboards, canvassing with flyers, and ,hopefully, enough donations to run ads. We do #DeserveBetter. Let’s get Phil in office and get Utah back on track. Please pm me and I will get one to you. Mr. Lyman: This will happen in America, sooner than people think. And when it does, minds will explode, those minds who have been resisting.  nitter.tiekoetter.com/_aussie17/status/18293… I'm voting for Donald Trump for president and writing in Phil Lyman for Utah governor. Follow my lead, you'll thank me later! ;-) My acxount is beiing shadow banned!! I will keep reposting this til it gets seen by people in #Utah  @phil_lyman @CoalitionUtah @BasedMikeLee  @GovCox is funding this with our money Utahns who want a true conservative have the option to #WriteInPhilLyman. Thank you. #WriteInPhilLyman I love this! Thank you, Utah!🇺🇸 Thank you. Your efforts are greatly appreciated. TDS might be curable after all. Ok, are they “New Americans?” @SpencerJCox  #utpol Posted without comment. I'll comment for you: I don't like the politics of any of those organizations. That's why I'm writing-in \"Phil Lyman\" for Utah governor. He may not disagree as politely as Gov Cox does, but he'll disagree with them that I disagree with! Months ago these two governors admonished us to #DisagreeBetter.  Now, Coloradans are suffering and in danger because their governor @jaredpolis put his own political ambitions in front of the well being and safety of the people he governs. Utah’s governor, @SpencerCox, took in 2k of Denver’s illegal aliens and has rebranded illegal aliens as “New Americans.” Utahns #DeserveBetter, for a governor who will not allow Utah to operate as a sanctuary for illegal aliens, #WriteInPhilLyman. Months ago these two governors admonished us to #DisagreeBetter.  Now, Coloradans are suffering and in danger because their governor @jaredpolis put his own political ambitions in front of the well being and safety of the people he governs. Utah’s governor, @SpencerCox, took in 2k of Denver’s illegal aliens and has rebranded illegal aliens as “New Americans.” Utahns #DeserveBetter, for a governor who will not allow Utah to operate as a sanctuary for illegal aliens, #WriteInPhilLyman. Transparency is the only way to regain Utahns' trust. Our government, time and time again shows us why we have a crisis of confidence. #WritelnPhilLyman Touché Oh, ok. I am running because I intend to win. For the conservative choice for Utah’s governor #WriteInPhilLyman. #utpol So so true. Supporters are making their own or I can get you a “write in” sticker if you have a preexisting sign. No matter the vendor of the electronic voting machines make our election processes and results open to massive fraud. In Utah, only SL county uses Dominion, ES&S is the vendor uses by the vast majority of counties. We have to overwhelm the cheat. Thank you. Utahns #DeserveBetter. For a governor who will govern as a red state governor, #WriteInPhilLyman. #utpol At least Utah. Make Utah Red Again, #WriteInPhilLyman. When you spend like a blue state you have to tax like a blue state. #utpol 😀 Let’s do it! Leftists believe they own our children. There is no concept of statehood, parenthood, or personhood. This distorted view of ownership has allowed the mass woke indoctrination of our children and the next generation.  #WriteInPhilLyman Thank you for sharing this info. I am looking into this. @phil_lyman coming to your state care of \"disagree better.\" nitter.tiekoetter.com/ResisttheMS/status/182… Public schools should not operate as indoctrination centers.  #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman lymanforutah.com/policy/educ… Thank you Davis County! #WriteInPhilLyman True, I am not and will never be. It’s impossible to know, every lawful request for Utah’s voter rolls is met with obstruction from @LGHendersonUtah.i have been unlawfully denied the voter rolls, three times. Please do! I’m hoping others will do the same! 🤔 Me too. #Misinformation #Disinformation #ScamAwareness Accurate. #ScamAwareness  Let’s see what the climate alarmists will blame humanity for, next. Accuracy Matters Truth Matters Integrity Matters However much you distrust Utah’s Legacy Media it’s not enough.  However much you question  @SpencerJCox’s integrity it’s not enough.  #utpol
 	Gold Star Mom Tina Peters sacrificed her freedom to expose election fraud in Colorado Now that she’s been sentences to 9 years in prison, she’s released her election fraud findings It shows they deleted files Her incredible work needs to be publicized, analyzed, and amplified No.  @MittRomney  ksl.com/article/51150912/mit… Your daily reminder that Spencer Cox and Deidre Henderson don’t care about Utah or Utahns. They prioritize tech companies and California millionaires over you as they allow our cities to turn into urban wastelands. And they’re laughing at you as it happens.  #WriteInPHILLyman  @phil_lyman 2020…. “A Utah GOP lawmaker wants his colleagues to send a message of support to @realDonaldTrump by voting to censure Utah Sen. Mitt Romney over his vote to convict the commander-in-chief in his impeachment trial.” New York Post  @MittRomney  #Utah #utpol ILLEGAL Immigration Utah’s sanctuary state policies have resulted in 88,000 illegal immigrants recently moving to our state. We are currently 37,000 housing units short to meet the demands of our population. This additional surge of 88,000 illegal immigrants creates a surge in demand for housing that is driving up the cost. If Utah’s governor was leading an effort to stop this invasion instead of drinking champagne with President Biden, this would stabilize our housing market. A secure border, followed by a rational, legal immigration process is the only way we can ensure that our infrastructure, housing supply, and labor markets put the needs of American families first. Our negligent immigration policy is robbing our children of their future and forcing us to export our children to states with lower housing costs. The Constitution gives substantial power to governors to stop an invasion that the federal government fails to stop, and we need to be doing more than send 10 highway patrol officers to the border. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman  cis.org/Report/Americas-Redd… #DEIIsPoison #DEIisPoison #RussiaCollusionHoax #OneUtahSummit another Machiavellian scheme, just like @SpencerJCox’s  #DisagreeBetter propaganda campaign. 10? 10? #OneUtahSummit another Machiavellian scheme, just like @SpencerJCox’s  #DisagreeBetter propaganda campaign. Never has Utah’s legacy media been so spot on with a headline.  I am the *ONLY* official Republican nominee for governor.  For a restoration of Utah’s conservative foundation, principles, and policies #WriteInPHILLyman.  #utpol \"Who are you being compassionate toward? Because it’s not women.\" @SpencerJCox  @Riley_Gaines_ calls out Spencer Cox for vetoing the bill that would ban transgender athletes from competing in girls’ sports.  I will always stand up for girls’ sports and private spaces. Fantastic night with Riley Gaines! When Riley tied (to the hundredth place) with male swimmer Lia Thomas in the NCAA National Championships, Lia was awarded the trophy. Riley was told it needed to go to him. Riley held it in a photo op and then handed it over to the male athlete. Riley asked isn't this exactly what Title 9 was supposed to protect against?  This is an excerpt from Riley’s presentation at UVU on Tuesday.  Speaking of #GovCox:  \"I have been very critical of this man, and understandably and you all should be too.  Because when this bill reached his desk he vetoed it, citing reasons like compassion, citing issues of inclusion or saying this isn't really happening here.\" \"Someone who has been a fierce defender of, and champion really of women is Representative Lyman who is here. So very grateful for him. And his wonderful bride. I have had the opportunity to spend time with them. They are just incredible people. We really value you and what you stand for and what you've done for the State of Utah.\" #UtPol, #LymanforGovernor, #WriteinPhilLyman Did the Biden/Kamala administration tap Spencer Cox for this title because he’s presided over the worst housing affordability collapse in the nation!? #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman ksl.com/article/510992… ✅ The case for cox is a strong one. #voteCox #CoxHenderson Correct She’s a warrior! Agreed. The entire immigration apparatus, process, and policies need massive overhaul. No boys in girls' bathrooms or sports. No selling off land to the federal government or China. Eliminate state income tax, social security tax, and food tax. Stabilize the housing market. Use our own energy instead of paying for outside sources. End our sanctuary status for illegal aliens. Protect our kids. Support the family. Make a better future for Utah. #WriteInPhilLyman #utpol No boys in girls' bathrooms or sports. No selling off land to the federal government or China. Eliminate state income tax, social security tax, and food tax. Stabilize the housing market. Use our own energy instead of paying for outside sources. End our sanctuary status for illegal aliens. Protect our kids. Support the family. Make a better future for Utah. #WriteInPhilLyman #utpol Who needs mountain views anyway? #NewUtah Can he make an appearance anywhere without this occurring? Legal, law - abiding Utahns: How do you feel about illegal aliens being designated, considered, categorized and treated as “New Americans in Utah?” The page from below is from a document that is posted on Governor Spencer Cox’s website.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman 🥩 🥩 All you need to know about the #DisagreeBetter initiative. Phil Lyman to Address Hot-Button Economic Issues By Cutting Government, Lowering Taxes All around the state, some of the biggest issues facing Utahns concern the economy, with increasing costs, decreasing standard of living, and a tax burden that grows every year. The policies of Spencer Cox, which have grown the government instead of the economy, cannot solve this problem. From reckless spending to COVID lock-down fallout to rampant inflation, it is government policies that have brought us to this point. Utahns, and all Americans, have been forced to respond by going deeper into personal debt.  This is unacceptable. Making our economy work for Utah families will require leadership rooted in commitment to the principles of free markets, limited regulation, and low taxes. For those priced out of the housing market, discouraged with continuing inflation, and frustrated by ever-increasing property taxes, Lyman's economic policies aim to address these hot-button issues. Read more below and please share with friends and family. ksl.com/article/51040987/phi… lymanforutah.com/policy/econ… Do you want Utah to be governed as a red state again? Do you want a Republican governor?  Do you want a restoration of Utah’s conservative foundation, principles, and policies?  #WriteInPHILLyman What happened to #DisagreeBetter? We are all SO lucky to have a fighter like @Riley_Gaines_ ! Because of two other Lymans in the Governor/Lt Governor race (read more below), you must write in Phil's first and last name, and fill in the bubble, in order for your vote to count for Phil.  On the LG line, it is best to write Natalie Clawson, but since Utah is a voter intent state, as long as it is clear that you are voting for the PHIL Lyman team, your vote will count. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman  lymanforutah.com/news/2024/0…… That was not my car, a supporter generously offered it to  me to ride in it for a parade. The information that will be presented at this conference is so important that the organizer has decided that if you don’t need a lunch you do not need to purchase a ticket and do not have to commit to attending the full session. You won’t regret it. Thank you @ianbakker Utah is worth fighting for. Let’s take back Utah.  #WriteInPHILLyman Absolutely. TDS is a real condition . TDS is a real condition. No, possibly the worst. Are these gangs or “groups”or “New Americans?” TDS is real. 🥇 #Utah We can and we will. #WriteInPHILLyman  How much of Spencer Cox’s corruption has been uncovered since June 25th? Spencer Cox is an illegitimate candidate and did not qualify to be on the Primary ballot. Yes Spencer Cox is an illegitimate candidate and did not qualify for the Primary ballot.  #utpol Day 3 of telling everyone in Utah to write-in Phil Lyman and Natalie Clawson. #WriteInPHILLyman #utpol Thank you, Kanab!! If he knows what’s best for Utah!😉 Thank you!! Utah is worth saving! #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you!! NA 💯 Thank you! Utahns are ready for a change in leadership and direction. There is no reason for Utah to not be leading out and be the gold standard of elections, education, energy independence, housing affordability, tax reductions etc. I know we have better roads ahead and I look forward to the opportunity to #GovernBetter. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Truly. How many will be Spencer Cox’s “New Americans” aka illegal aliens? How many will be Spencer Cox’s “New Americans” aka illegal aliens? Spencer Cox’s invasion of Utah by his “New Americans” is unconsionable.  Legal, law - abiding Utah citizens are being harmed and put in unnecessary danger.  Is this how @SpencerJCox demands Utahns #DisagreeBetter? #utpol #Democrats Taxing our senior citizens on Social Security is unacceptable. As governor, I will make abolishing the Social Security tax in Utah one of my top priorities. #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Spencer Cox is an illegitimate candidate.  Utah’s Establishment members who endorse and support @SpencerJCox, have made no good faith effort to verify and validate the signatories that “qualified” him for the Primary ballot.  Is @UtahGOP just fine with an illegitimate nominee? Yes Will @UtahGOP be just fine with an illegitimate Governor running our state? Yes #UtahCorruption They told us to follow the science, I followed the money.  What was done to Utah’s children during the COVID era was not to keep them or others safe, it was so Spencer Cox and his billionaire friends would personally benefit and make a profit.  #CoxisCorrupt Nothing to see here…. Why did Governor Spencer Cox oppose a bill that would have ensured free and fair elections by transferring oversight to an independent entity? Just another example of the fox guarding the henhouse. Remind me how Utah is the \"gold standard\" of elections. #utpol #UtahCorruption sltrib.com/news/politics/202… #Utah is the fraud capital of the US #Utah hides about 40% of its voter rolls from the public making it impossible for the public to verify accuracy Will the National Voter Registration Act force #Utah to disclose the full voter rolls to the public?  Watch Story 3️⃣! #utpol #utleg @LGHendersonUtah @DeidreHenderson @lannieforclerk @GovCox NA PRESS RELEASE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE October 11, 2024 “Denying disclosure prevents citizens from identifying error and fraud:” Lyman Appeals Latest GRAMA Denial SALT LAKE CITY — The  Lieutenant Governor’s Office has again denied Phil Lyman’s request to analyze Utah’s voter rolls.  This denial comes despite last month’s U.S. District Court ruling which stated that “South Carolina’s prohibition on the distribution of the [Statewide Voter Registration List] to only eligible South Carolina voters conflicts with the [National Voter Registration Act] NVRA’s mandate that all records concerning maintenance and accuracy activities be made available for ‘public inspection.’” The Utah LG’s Office failed to provide any type of response within the timeframe stipulated by Utah law, which is legally considered a denial. Lyman has twice previously requested the voter rolls and was also denied on each occasion.  Lyman’s requests for transparency have continually been blocked and obstructed by LG Deidre Henderson and others. This includes Henderson’s guidance to the county clerks in July demanding that election information such as the cast vote record and accompanying documents not be released, and most notably, denial of access to Spencer Cox’s nomination petition to allow verification that his place on the ballot is legitimate. Lyman was also quoted fees of $5,000 for one set of records relating to communications between elected officials. When he requested a fee waiver, the State Records Committee set a hearing date in late November — after the election. In another case, he was asked if he wanted a refund of the fee he had already paid instead of the records due to unspecified delays.  Congress expressly stated that the NVRA grants public access to voter rolls in order “to protect the integrity of the electoral process; and to ensure that accurate and current voter registration rolls are maintained” (52 U.S.C. § 20501(b)(1)-(4)). Section 8(i) of the NVRA provides for the disclosure of voter registrations in order to “assist the identification of both error and fraud in the preparation and maintenance of voter rolls” (Project Vote/Voting for Am., Inc. v. Long, 682 F.3d 331, 339 (4th Cir. 2012)).“  “Denying disclosure prevents citizens from identifying error and fraud, which appears to be the objective of the LG’s office. This type of slow-rolling will not work,” Lyman said. “It may facilitate an immediate fraudulent election free from scrutiny, but it is clearly a violation of the public interest, not to mention a violation of the NVRA.” Thank you for ALL your efforts to expose Utah corruption. You know it! 🇺🇸 From Mount Timpanogos! #WriteInPHILLyman  Thank you @TroothSlooth2 !! I’m planning on it. Utahns recognize that our current governor and his administration does not care about them. I trust this movement and Utahns to choose what our state’s future will look like. This behavior is expected when you are covering for a corrupt system/process and an illegitimate candidate. #UtahCorruption It will. With me or without me as governor. Remember this? Thank you, @DChadwickAuthor.  Let’s Make Utah Red Again “conservative Republicans” Badge of honor. The email exchange ended soon after that. Asked for comment Friday on Birkeland’s and Lisonbee’s sentiments, Lyman told KSL TV he was “confused with both of their emails but not offended or surprised that they were not on my side.” ksltv.com/692668/gop-divisio… Spencer Cox is an illegitimate candidate.  Anyone who does not care to get to the bottom of the signature gathering scam supports an illegitimate nominee. Without fail. Touché ✅ Write in @phil_lyman for Utah GenZ ‼️ Dan, this “campaign” has never been about me being governor. This is about returning Utah to its conservative foundation and giving the people of Utah the power; instead of elites, special interests, billionaires, globalists, the Establishment, etc. Let’s Make Utah Red Again, #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you!
 	Are you aware of how much land in Utah belongs to China? China shouldn't own any part of Utah, especially around our military bases! A Lyman administration will not put up with this.  #LymanforUtah #LymanforGovernor #utpol He does exactly what he is blaming Phil Lyman for, for the worst reason,to get his filthy digs/slams in while trying to look like the nice one and look at the smirk while he does it.  He slithers,Can't be trusted. Vote for @phil_lyman the one who isn't trained/told what to do. A vote for Governor Spencer Cox is a vote for blue state policies and values. If Utah voters vote for a “Republican” governor, they deserve a governor who will govern as a red state governor. Do Utahns want a governor who is in lockstep with the Biden administration? #utpol #Lymanforgovernor “Based on this record, it’s fair to conclude that Cox is a red-state leader who is not just weak on cultural issues; he is enthusiastically siding with the Left. His short time in office has been characterized by a pedal-to-the-metal zeal for many of the most corrosive and radical aspects of left-wing cultural ideology, even as many other red states begin to mount a serious counteroffensive. The governor isn’t up for reelection until 2024, so talk of a primary challenge is likely premature. But Utah voters should be paying attention. If he hopes to earn their support again, he has a lot of explaining to do.” Now he has a primary challenger who is ready to #GovernBetter. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor nationalreview.com/2022/04/u…… I’m encouraged to see that Utahns aren’t falling for the distraction. Utahns know that their state government isn’t putting their concerns first. They know that the system is getting rigged to help the connected. Our state government isn’t doing enough to stop the invasion of our country by illegal immigrants. Our once competitive economy has stagnated to the point that our only GDP growth in Utah is coming from growth in government spending. Utahns can’t afford homes, and paychecks aren’t keeping up with increasing costs.    Yet, somehow, the biggest priority of our current governor is to build shiny new stadiums for his friends.    We need a change.   Utahns know it.   This is why my campaign is growing every day. If you want a governor that listens to your concerns, we hope you will join us. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor I have some questions for Spencer Cox – and you should be asking these too. Why did Spencer Cox impose mask mandates on schoolchildren in exchange for millions of dollars?  Did Spencer Cox use this money to enrich his friends and fund his reelection campaign? Why does Spencer Cox care more about his wallet than the people of Utah? When they said follow the science, I followed the money. It’s clear that Spencer Cox is far more interested in serving his big campaign donors than the people of Utah. Utahns deserve a Governor who will tell the truth. And that’s exactly what I’m going to do.  To Spencer Cox, money is more important than honesty. That’s why I’m running for governor. Utah deserves better than the status quo. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor nitter.tiekoetter.com/phil_lyman/status/1797… Utahns deserve a restoration of our conservative principles and traditional values. I am incredibly grateful for an LG @NatalieforUtah that understands the importance of  of this restoration.  The vast, vast majority of Utahns do not want to live in a pseudo-red state run by a liberal, woke governor. I know we have better roads ahead, and I plan to #GovernBetter. The best way to do that is to adhere to certain principles such as individual freedom, limited government, The rule of law, peace through strength, fiscal responsibility, free markets, and human dignity.  My plan to Govern Better in Utah is a common-sense one:  •No boys in girls' bathrooms or sports  •No selling off land to the federal government or China •Reduce or eliminate the state income tax •Stabilize the housing market •Use our own abundant energy resources •Support LEGAL immigration only •Back the Blue •Protect our kids •Support the family #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you, your vote and support are very much appreciated. And yes, God Bless America! Would you support Utah hosting the Olympics if it resulted in a substantial and permanent increase in your energy costs, thanks to the obligatory Paris Climate Accords requirements? Would you support Utah hosting the Olympics if it resulted in a substantial and permanent increase in your energy costs, thanks to the obligatory Paris Climate Accords requirements? Spotted in Springville! That’s awesome!! I think I know who owns this car and she is amazing! Utah, we have better roads ahead! There is not much that I enjoy more than engaging with Utahns from all across the state. Our state has the best people! The Orem Parade was a blast! Thank you, Cedar City! I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, the people of Utah are its greatest resource and asset. Did you watch the Scrum afterwards? It’s always a good time with The Trump Tater! 🇺🇸👏🏻 #PerfectTiminVoteLyman Thank you! Great looking ballot! I promise. I am a proud supporter of the Second Amendment and our constitutional rights. #LymanforGovernor #LymanClawson #utpol Here for the ratio. Have you checked the fine print of hosting the Olympics? I have. Listen in to see what Spencer Cox wants Utah to commit to.  #LymanforUtah #LymanforGovernor  #utpol Have you checked the fine print of hosting the Olympics? I have. Listen in to see what Spencer Cox wants Utah to commit to. Have you checked the fine print of hosting the Olympics? I have. Listen in to see what Spencer Cox wants Utah to commit to. #LymanforUtah #LymanforGovernor Have you checked the fine print of hosting the Olympics? I have. Listen in to see what Spencer Cox wants Utah to commit to. #LymanforUtah #LymanforGovernor Have you checked the fine print of hosting the Olympics? I have. Listen in to see what Spencer Cox wants Utah to commit to. #LymanforUtah #LymanforGovernor #utpol A while ago, @Caitlyn_Jenner took a stand for women’s sports! Thank you! Oddly, Utah’s Governor chose a non protective stance for girls, vetoing the transgender sports ban that prevents  biological boys to compete in girls’ sports in the state of Utah. Isn’t the most basic role of government to provide for the general welfare and safety of the people of the state? This is why we need a change! @Riley_Gaines_  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Have you checked the fine print of hosting the Olympics? I have. Listen in to see what Spencer Cox wants Utah to commit to. #LymanforUtah #LymanforGovernor #utpol Thank you. Your advocacy and support for women’s sports are invaluable. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Mark your calendars!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 I am incredibly grateful and honored to be endorsed by @momsforamerica.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor That’s ok! She can still acknowledge reason and logic? #utpol #Lymanforgovernor College republicans who want to vote in Utah can still register to vote! Registration must be received by county clerks by tomorrow at 5pm, or you can register in person with 2 forms of ID at county clerk offices VOTE @phil_lyman Utahns are fed up.  It’s time for a governor who will not negotiate the terms of our surrender, but #WillStandUpBetter.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor DeSantis got so many people excited about politics and political leadership who have NEVER been excited about it before. My husband, for one, hated all the negativity and gloom. DeSantis brought results, optimism, and so much hope that my husband was suddenly a fan! (Gratefully, Utah also has a fantastic man running for Governor, @phil_lyman, who could bring a DeSantis-style of governing to my state!) Networking together is going to help spread DeSantis Conservatism and results across the red states! Utahns deserve sensible solutions, not billion dollar boondoggles. The Gondola is another one of those billion dollar boondoggles. I spoke at the proposed gondola site last Tuesday evening.  Why do the elite get to decide where a gondola will operate?  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor True. #Utah #Lymanforgovernor Great question @cnull….are 62% of Utahns “extremists?” #utpol #Lymanforgovernor @KSLcom @sltrib @fox13  @Deseret Go James! Thank you for this. 🙏🏻🇺🇸 Businesses love Utah and all they ask is a level playing field.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Lol!! PRESS RELEASE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE June 13, 2024 Coalition of GOP candidates requests records regarding signature path to ballot SALT LAKE CITY — A coalition of GOP candidates for office has requested records pertaining to the signatures collected by candidates who sought a position on the primary ballot via the signature collection route. The group of candidates concerned about signature verification includes Phil Lyman, Frank Mylar, Tina Cannon, and others, several of whom have filed GRAMA records requests to verify that the process was done transparently and legitimately.   This joint action comes after it was discovered that a GRAMA request into the signatures of a current state senate race in Washington County was rejected due to a criminal investigation involving those records, increasing concern about the process.   “This is not about any one candidate or race,” said Phil Lyman, the GOP convention nominee for governor.  “It is about verifying that all those who appear on the ballot have earned that spot. Transparency in this matter is crucial for the public to have confidence in our elections. We must trust but verify.”  Natalie Clawson, Lyman’s running mate added: “The fact that there is currently a criminal investigation related to the signature collection process is concerning. These records must be accessible and verifiable.”  “The election process should be transparent for everyone involved,” state auditor candidate Tina Cannon said.  “As a candidate for auditor, it is particularly important to me that public records are transparent, verifiable, and easily accessible by the public upon request.”  Frank Mylar, candidate for attorney general, added: “Given there were 13 people charged in April for signature gathering fraud in last year’s district two Congressional race, and another investigation into a state senate race in Washington County is currently proceeding, the public has a right to know whether any other signatures for other candidates in the primary election are also fraudulent.  The public needs this information before the primary.” Two horns? I liked your Twitter handle. 😇 I have every intention of abolishing SB 54. Smarty.
 	Did @BarackObama’s signature list of names to get him on the Primary ballot look like this? Or does this kind of obstruction only occur in Utah for @SpencerJCox to get on the Primary ballot?  A few reminders:  @LGHendersonUtah oversees the elections We were her only opponents If you check the box on your voter registration that you want to be private, the box says your information is STILL LAWFULLY AVAILABLE TO CANDIDATES Why is this list of who signed Cox's petition to put him on the ballot kept from view and names are hidden as \"private\"? Special treatment for the Governor's opponents? #ShowTheNames #UtahCorruption #utpol Thank you.  Utah is worth fighting for. Who needs democrats when Utah has these type of “Republicans?” #utpol #UtahDeservesBetter deseret.com/2024/2/23/240811… Why did Qualtrics, an online survey company, control “‘the entire public [COVID] testing process,’ including test requests, reporting, control over patient information, test specimens and operation of testing labs?” #utpol #UtahCorruption sltrib.com/opinion/commentar… I’m on today with @RMConservative at 9:15 am.  #utpol rumble.com/c/CRPodcast Cox is the only gubernatorial GOP candidate that gathered signatures. @Utah  “For decades, voters haven’t been choosing between Democrats and Republicans but rather between Democrats and Democrats pretending to be Republicans.  The illusion of electoral choice has allowed Marxist globalism to advance behind the veil of Uniparty tyranny.”  #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman americanthinker.com/articles… 🎯 👀 Not in Utah! Write in Phil Lyman!!!!! @phil_lyman  The GOP in Utah needs to make elections credible again. Vote Lyman. #Utah @ShawnRyan762 please look into the blatant corruption of spencer cox. Utah is a sanctuary state because of his communist takeover. Please interview @phil_lyman Utah now operates as a sanctuary for illegal aliens. @SpencerJCox made sure Utah would welcome them as his “New Americans.” Why do legal Utahns always come last for Cox?  #utpol #UtahCorruption business.utah.gov/immigratio… Accurate. 🎯 #WriteInPhilLyman  #utpol This is the way…. #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman explained.  #utpol Utah #DeservesBetter than the “lesser of two evils” @SpencerJCox Recapture Utah from the Establishment, globalists, and elites.  #WriteInPhilLyman Thank you. 🙏🏻🇺🇸 Did the Biden/Kamala administration tap Spencer Cox @SpencerJCox  for this title because he’s presided over the worst housing affordability collapse in the nation!? #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman ksl.com/article/510992… Spencer Cox @SpencerJCox  presided over the worst housing affordability collapse in the nation. #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman ksl.com/article/510992… No. It’s our ability to peacefully question election results that makes America exceptional.  #WriteInPhilLyman #utpol @LGHendersonUtah  deseret.com/opinion/2022/10/… EXCELLENT interview!!! Daniel Horowitz speaks with Phil Lyman @phil_lyman about the necessity of his write-in candidacy!  If fear of a Democrat winning in Utah is keeping you from writing in Phil, listen to Daniel Horowitz as he describes the clear consequences of our choices.   #WriteInPhilLyman Utah Republicans deserve more than a Democrat in Republican clothing.  @SpencerJCox has us well on our way to becoming the next California.  For a true Republican choice for governor #WriteInPhilLyman.  #utpol True and true. On Monday, August 19, 2024 we stood inside the Georgia State Capitol and presented specific evidence of massive 2020 election fraud as the mainstream media stood behind the cameras and watched. When looking forward at the cameras I was making direct eye contact with them. Honestly, several reporters looked confused and a few looked shocked. I literally showed them how batches of ballots in the reported hand count totals were altered and duplicated to give Biden a 4,000 fake net gain in just Fulton County, in just the hand count. I believe most reporters don't understand the election system and are not allowed to consider actual evidence of fraud. And of course many are dishonest and deceptive.  I literally showed them duplicated batches of ballots as seen on the poster board in the attached photo. I showed them the evidence and explained how they altered batch names to hide the fake duplicate batches from the ARLO auditing software which was developed with DHS funding.  Not one single reporter dared to approach me after my 20 minute presentation of facts.  I also told them about the fact that I presented this evidence to DHS, FBI, GASOS, GASEB, GAAG in 2021/22. It was all covered up. Not one reporter asked about the complaints and reports I submitted to state and federal agencies.  I'm a soldier, which means I'm not naive.  But the court of public opinion is powerful and the momentum is in our favor. I've been in contact with high level officials and attorneys concerning the evidence presented at the press conference. Our objective is to bring people to justice for massive election fraud in 2020 and to win 2024.  Regardless, we must stand and fight to regain sovereign control of our elections, state, and nation. Because in case you don't know, 2020 was not orchestrated at the local level.  I'll post the full length 20 minute video below. There are also numerous short clips circulating. Scroll down my account timeline to see them.  🇺🇸 BREAKING: Spencer Cox had fewer verified signatures than previously reported. Lies. Lies.Lies. On a scale of 1-10 how much do you trust the government? Are write - ins only an issue when Phil Lyman is involved?  @UtahGOP @SpencerJCox  #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman Yes, I can! But let me ask, as a CPA, can you explain the role of skepticism in independence. You seem to have the opposite of skepticism.  That said, there is a statistical anomaly on the face of the primary election results. In fact, there are multiple anomalies. Calling the election 23 minutes after the poles close, followed immediately by a canned victory speech by the governor complete with his condemnation of me for not conceding. His unnatural obsession with my campaign even telling a fib about crying on the phone with my wife for 30 minutes. I’ve been engaged in election controversies for the last 8 years. I know the corrupt dealings of Spencer Cox and Nomi Health. I know the WEF connection to Utah. I’ve been in the legislature for 6 years and happen to have observed dozens of corrupt deals and the collateral damage to those who dared to speak openly about it.  The irony of my claim of fake signatures and fake votes is that I could be disproven by producing the lists and CVRs. I would love to be disproven. Lastly, the spurious attacks by establishment operatives is telling.  The beautiful thing is that honest people with the gift of observation are increasingly skeptical of the disingenuous establishment shills like yourself. Join us! #utpol Pierre Delecto? Pierre Delecto? Spencer Cox is unreliable, shifting his stance to please whoever he needs to. As elections approached, he suddenly adopted a \"right-wing\" facade. Remember, this is the same man who vetoed a bill to keep men out of women’s sports, introduced himself by his pronouns, and boasts about his close relationship with Biden. I have been consistent from day one and will always prioritize the best interests of Utah’s citizens. #WriteInPhilLyman for Utah’s next governor. #utpol Spencer Cox is unreliable, shifting his stance to please whoever he needs to. As elections approached, he suddenly adopted a \"right-wing\" facade. Remember, this is the same man who vetoed a bill to keep men out of women’s sports, introduced himself by his pronouns, and boasts about his close relationship with Biden. I have been consistent from day one and will always prioritize the best interests of Utah’s citizens. #WriteInPhilLyman for Utah’s next governor. #utpol More to come. Thank you, Ryan! 🇺🇸 Please ask your neighbors, friends, family etc to put their signs back up. 🙏🏻🇺🇸 We have been in the middle of a political campaign, so you’re probably hearing a lot about the Largest Tax Cut in Utah History™.  If you were reviewing your return before mailing in your taxes to make an important down payment on some new sports stadiums in Salt Lake City, you might be wondering how the Largest Tax Cut in History™ affected you. $129 dollars a year! That is the amount of the tax cut for the average Utah family. The Largest Tax Cut in Utah History™ resulted in you getting to keep an additional $10 a month of your money. Because the amount you pay in sales, income, and property taxes all rise in an inflationary environment, the inflation fueled by government spending has created autopilot tax increases that more than negate the Largest Tax Cut in History™. The rate was lowered, but you're paying more taxes than ever before, and our state government has the budget to show for it. #utpol  #WriteInPhilLyman #WriteInPhilLyman Questioning the Costs and Transparency of Utah's Election Security Efforts #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman Thank you, Utah!! #WriteInPhilLyman Thank you.🇺🇸 Write-in Phil Lyman! Thank you! I was wondering the exact thing. I took #DisagreeBetter to heart. 😉 Sure.  Just as soon as democrats admit the pandemic was all orchestrated to defeat Trump. Looking at you, Utah. @SpencerJCox has made Utah into a sanctuary for illegal aliens. These illegal aliens are to be referred to as “New Americans” according to Cox. At the same time, @LGHendersonUtah has denied my lawful requests for Utah’s Voter Rolls, three times. Is this because our rolls are inflated with illegal aliens? Utah was the first state to codify provisional driver’s licenses for illegal aliens and ERIC (leftist NGO that oversees our Voter Roll maintenance) receives all their voter information from the DMV. Utah’s election officials decide what voter info is sent to ERIC. Tell me how we are the “gold standard” of elections.  #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman business.utah.gov/immigratio… And twice at least. Climate alarmists are determined to destroy and dismantle Western civilization. Jon, the message is that Cox or someone is lying about his signatures, (among other things), and that the establishment is protecting him. And yes, you are making my point. Thanks for almost hiding it. I have suspicions that “Aaron” is one of Cox’s burner accounts. Spencer’s version of Pierre Delecto. Love it! Why? It’s unconscionable. I’m SO happy to hear this! And Jon is posting and advertising my statement. Lol. Please do, only Cox’s henchmen would consider your “receipts” the truth.  Besides, I’d love more attention put on @SpencerJCox’s illegal alien program aka “New Americans” program that is overwhelming our state. Literal poisoning of Utahns #DisagreeBetter @SpencerJCox  #utpol Is this satire? Are you referring to the @JoeBiden administration or the @SpencerJCox administration? Utah operates as a sanctuary for illegal aliens under Cox’s leadership. Legal Utahns come last for Governor Cox.  #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman They told us to follow the science, I followed the money.  What was done to Utah’s children during the COVID era was not to keep them or others safe, it was so @SpencerJCox  and his billionaire friends would personally benefit and make a profit.  #UtahCorruption #utpol #WriteInPhilLyman I’m glad you liked it, it’s nothing compared to the next ones. I haven’t seen democrats this upset since Lincoln outlawed slavery. #WriteInPhilLyman #utpol When your choices are between an honest Democrat @KingForUtah and a dishonest one @SpencerJCox……or for the true Republican choice #WriteInPhilLyman.  #utpol Nope Fact check: True Follow The Money We turn now to \"Utah Workforce Housing Advocacy, the nonprofit awarded funding\" by the legislature, whose stated goal is  “nothing short of a complete overhaul of housing policy in Utah.”  \" Steve Waldrip, a former state legislator named last year as Gov. Spencer Cox’s senior advisor for housing strategy and innovation, said the idea for the group first arose with him and Matt Lusty, (the governor's campaign manager) the nonprofit’s registered agent and a founding partner at Election Hive, a campaign consulting firm.\"  When you talk about corruption in Utah, this is it folks. The Governor @SpencerJCox pushing money to his own campaign manager and hiring his campaign manager's partner to oversee the whole corrupt world of housing development in Utah.  As people open their eyes to this level of self dealing, they are appalled, but Cox and company couldn't care less.  @WaldripSteve  #utpol #UtahCorruption moabtimes.com/articles/legis…
 	Write in Phil Lyman and Natalie Clawson! “To secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity” #WriteInPHILLyman Exactly. It’s deafening. Thank you, Tammy. A write - in vote for me will not result in electing Brian King as Governor. Not writing me in, could result in re electing a Democrat, though. \"People who don't engage in election fraud aren't offended by you talking about it, and they don’t try to punish you for it.\" - Dr Ben Carson @SpencerJCox  @LGHendersonUtah 80 short. Illegitimate Candidate. Illegitimate Republican Nominee. 🎯 True. I am the only conservative choice for governor this election cycle. It’s two democrats and one actual Republican. Based. I’m planning on it. Thank you again. “lose” No For the ONLY conservative choice in Utah’s gubernatorial race and the ONLY official Republican Party Nominee. #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you.  Let’s take back Utah! Yes! Thank you! A vote for the ONLY conservative choice. Thank you!! MUGA Let’s find out, let’s have a full recount of Spencer Cox’s signatures. Thank you @realDonaldTrump Thank you @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸 Utahns deserve a restoration of our conservative principles and traditional values. Utah is not California and the vast, vast majority of Utahns do not want to live in a pseudo red state run by a liberal, woke governor. I know we have better roads ahead and I plan to #GovernBetter and know that the best ways to do that is adhere to certain principles such as : individual freedom, limited government, The Rule of Law, peace through strength, fiscal responsibility,free markets, and human dignity.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you, I am grateful! Yes .@BasedMikeLee @elonmusk @Timcast @nicksortor why is no one calling out the corruption in Utah.  Is it because we are not a swing state. If this corruption is allowed to continue we will be a swing state.  Cox is not a Republican.  He is a plant and the goal is to turn our state into Silicon Valley. #WriteInPHILLyman #WriteInPHILLyman #WriteInPHILLyman #IllegitimateCox Thank you for this!! Thank you! Just like that to MAGA and MUGA. Thank you!! For the only conservative choice for governor #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you! Let’s take back Utah. Our message is one of truth and transparency; of fighting back against the corrupt practices of the political establishment and elites running our state. @NatalieforUtah  #WriteInPHILLyman Utahns did not elect a governor to negotiate the terms of their surrender.  #WriteInPHILLyman to Make Utah Red Again. This Dave must be awesome as well, he knew to #WriteInPHILLyman. #DisagreeBetter ilk \"The future does NOT belong to globalists. The future belongs to patriots. The future belongs to sovereign and independent nations who protect their citizens, respect their neighbors, and honor the differences that make each country special and unique.\" - @realDonaldTrump Thank you! Wow!! Thank you for this, I know @HeidiWhitaker is doing amazing things for our state! NA I have so many to thank and so many efforts to be grateful and for. Well well, look what we have here. Election rigging efforts in Pennsylvania.  What struck me is that they also have a hole in the envelope, but they also have *secrecy envelope.” Where’s our secrecy envelope? Based on what I’ve seen, ours shows immediately if you wrote in, completely revealing your vote and putting your ballot as risk of tampering… and we all know the only legitimate Republican candidate that received enough signatures to be on the ballot is Phil Lyman, whose campaign is a write-in… #WriteInPhilLyman @phil_lyman ✍️ NA 🇺🇸 Thank you, Utah! #WriteInPHILLyman Yesterday’s tail gate event was a blast!! #WriteInPHILLyman \"Little else is requisite to carry a state to the highest degree of opulence from the lowest barbarism, but peace, easy taxes, and a tolerable administration of justice\". - Adam Smith All intentional. Thorium and small form nuclear reactors are key to abundant reliable dispatcabe low cost energy. Utah has the potential to power the entire nation.  #utpol Thank you. Is this an example of how Utah is the “gold standard of elections?” @LGHendersonUtah Businesses in Utah know that regulation and centralization of power stifle innovation and authentic prosperity. Utah has some of the best businesses in the country, not because of government but in spite of it.  #utpol The hole could have been anywhere. It didn't have to line up with the write-in part of the ballot. Thank you! Let’s take back Utah! 🥩 “Most secure election in history” Let’s Make Utah Red Again. #WriteInPHILLyman Based and true. Thank you! MUGA and MAGA! Thank you! Thank you! Make Utah Red Again! Integrity impaired? Proudly voted for @phil_lyman for Utah governor … ballot goes in the mail Monday … let’s do this utah … Cox is not good for utah Yes I will. Yes! Detailed policy positions can be found here: LymanforUtah.com Town Hall with @phil_lyman click link below to set your reminder.  If you are from Utah help spread the word. nitter.tiekoetter.com/TalkWithSally/status/1… Don’t worry… I filled in the oval👍🏼 @phil_lyman Thank you! Let’s take back Utah! Hopefully @phil_lyman wins this election.  #Trump2024 Do you want to hear more about the story below? Tune in tomorrow! Did the Cox Campaign Recruit and Pay Richard Lyman?  On Tuesday, September 3, approximately two hours before the filing deadline of 5pm, I was contacted by two individuals who provided information that Richard Lyman was recruited and paid by the Cox campaign to put his name on the ballot as a write-in for governor. Richard Lyman joined the gubernatorial race that same afternoon with Carol Lyman as his running mate.  Richard told one of these individuals that the Cox campaign had contacted him and offered to pay him $1,000 and a steak dinner to file for governor.  Richard proceeded to explain that they had set up an account and were donating to him to run.  I was provided the  following text messages.  I am grateful for the courage and for the desire to let the truth be told. I hope that the voters see this for what it is — another in a series of deceptions and coverups by the Cox campaign to interfere with the will of the people. This filing, by not one but two Lymans, at the absolute last minute, for $1,000 and a steak dinner, is politics at its worst. We should be able to expect better.  For now, we remind our supporters to spread the word to write “Phil Lyman” when writing in, to ensure that their intent is clear. Thank you! Let’s Make Utah Red Again! nitter.tiekoetter.com/phil_lyman/status/1841… nitter.tiekoetter.com/phil_lyman/status/1841… Thank a farmer! Thank you, Hurricane!! #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you!! Let’s take back Utah! When a state doesn’t understand personhood, they are unlikely to respect parenthood or statehood. They will view government power as top down; bowing to the federal government while acting as dictator to those they view as “beneath them.”  It is the opposite of the Republican form of government guaranteed by the constitution where just power is derived by the consent of the governed.  #utpol #WriteInPHILLyman Thank you!! 🇺🇸 “No Governor, President, State Representative, or even a well-intentioned neighbor, has the authority to restrict the number of family members or guests that you may have in your home to celebrate this Holiday, or for any other peaceful assembly you sponsor or attend.”   In November 2020, our top Utah elected officials were enforcing draconian mandates, using shame tactics to initiate compliance, and creating  surveillance apparatuses for Utahns to use against each other, this ultimately led to extreme divisiveness. I felt it was important to put out a declaration for those I represent. thepetroglyph.com/thanksgivi…… #utpol We had the best time at yesterday’s BYU game! #WriteInPHILLyman Utah Republicans deserve better than an illegitimate candidate for governor. @SpencerJCox Thank you. It is. Can we get this in writing? He hasn’t already done this? #Trump2024
 	As the conservative choice for governor, here’s what you can expect from me:  You can count on me to govern with conservative, constitutional principles with the goal of protecting our God-given rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We should not “disagree better” about the first, or second, or fourth, or tenth amendments, just to name a few. We shouldn’t disagree about them at all. So many of the issues we face today could be solved simply by following the US and Utah constitutions, and I intend to do exactly that.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor If you want four more years of a governor who will prioritize playing “nice” — primarily to democrats, the LGTBQ agenda, Big Pharma, and the globalists — over principled conservative leadership, the current governor will suit you just fine. But if you want someone who will stand up to the corruption, stop the gaslighting, restore integrity in our elections, support the family as the primary influence on children, and to take control of our public lands, there is only one option. I look forward to earning your vote.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Spotted high on a mountain top…… For every $25 we raise, we’re reaching 1,160 voters. As of today, 121,647 votes have been cast. We still expect 400,000+ more votes to come in. Help us reach as many of them as we can. Here is the link you may use to donate: secure.anedot.com/lymanforut…… #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! Let’s go! Thank you, it is very much appreciated. Governor Spencer Cox has repeatedly said that Utah is not a sanctuary state for illegal immigration. This is a flat out lie and Cox’s desire to play word games is putting us in danger. It’s time to hold him accountable on June 25.  @bmullahy2news @tvheidihatch @KUTV2News @KUER @fox13 @Deseret @sltrib  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! Let’s take our state back! Have you visited my website? Lymanforutah.com Thank you! This last week before the primary we want to reach as many voters as possible. Your donation will help us do just that. Thank you, I love Utah too. Show Cox the door in ‘24. Thank you, it is much appreciated. Good job! And yes we are! This is amazing!!! Thank you, I appreciate it greatly. lymanforutah.com/policy/hous… #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Spencer Cox’s housing policies aren’t working. We can have affordable homes in Utah again, but it will require leadership rooted in commitment to the principles of free markets, limited regulation, and low taxes. I will stand for these principles. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor deseret.com/utah/2024/06/14/… It is time to hold Spencer Cox accountable for policies and negligence that have made Utah a magnet for illegal immigration.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor lymanforutah.com/policy/immi… It is. This is why I will bring back the Secretary of State position that does not run on the same ticket as the Governor. Thank you! Thank them for me! This doc is telling it! Thank you. Thank you, I am grateful. I won’t. Thank you.🙏🏻🇺🇸 Our governor, Spencer Cox’s, weak stance on illegal immigration has made our state a magnet for illegal immigration and has Utah operating as a sanctuary state. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor lymanforutah.com/policy/immi… Thank you for this! Don’t California our Utah. We NEED to retire cox and vote @phil_lyman for governor. The illegal-immigrant industrial-complex is in a panic! Let’s  take back Utah. Thank you! We have better roads ahead! So wonderful meeting you!  Let’s take back Utah! And nothing is going to stop this movement. We are winning!  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor I think the people of Utah have had enough and are ready for a change in leadership. I am so grateful. Vote Lyman. Take Utah back from the cronies. Thank you. Next Tuesday, I think a lot of  my endorsed candidates will surprise everyone.  I have a strong feeling that @phil_lyman will embarrass rhino cox,  @PMforUtah  will do great/beat rhino Blake Moore, @ColbyforUtah  will embarrass Celeste Maloy, @BirdForCongress  will beat the other 4 for rhino John Curtis open seat and @MayorStaggs  will embarrass the group of rhino’s to become the next United States  senator of Utah. Agreed. Thank you! Let’s make Utah red again! I love Utah and its people. I know people’s lives are best under limited government and when those they elect to represent them, implement a bottom up government philosophy, rather than a top bottom government  philosophy. June 25th, Utah can choose better roads ahead. I hope I have or can earn your vote.  For more in depth policy positions please visit Lymanforutah.com #utpol #Lymanforgovernor The only antidote to Utah’s election crisis of confidence is transparency.  #ReleaseTheSignatures #utpol #Lymanforgovernor The only antidote to Utah’s election crisis of confidence is transparency.  #ReleaseTheSignatures #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you Midvale! I have never seen a Cox sign in someone's yard. Your signs are like yard ornaments around here Thank you. I will not let you down. I have immense faith in and optimism for Utah’s future. NA Thank you! 🚨Wake up Utah🚨 why I am voting for @phil_lyman Spencer Cox used COVID funding to advance DEI. Then come election time he supposedly ended it. Spencer Cox spent COVID money to build a winter tubing hill instead of rebuilding the roads. @GovCox is letting illegal imigrants  to be flown to Utah and helping them through the New Americans program. He vetoed a bill stopping men from competing in women's sports. How long before illegal immigrants start killing Utahns. Utah First ballot. Utah’s Republican Primary is June 25th. You may register to vote until that date. After June 14th you must register in person at your county clerk’s office. Link to vote 👇vote.utah.gov/register-to-vo…  For more in depth policy positions visit Lymanforutah.com Thank you!! Make Utah Red Again! Thank you for sharing this!🙏🏼🇺🇸 If you live in Utah and you are voting for @phil_lyman on or before June 25,2024 I want to follow you. “Sunshine laws are regulations requiring public disclosure of government agency meetings and records. Sunshine laws require specific businesses and government agencies to maintain transparency and disclose their activities to the public.” - Legal Information Institute It’s been said that sunshine is the best disinfectant. Utah’s crisis of confidence could be solved with absolute transparency from our election officials. Instead, they are obstinate in their efforts to subvert citizens’ requests to public records and transparency.  And Utah’s legacy media is dead. The future of investigative reporting belongs to citizen journalists such as @RealTStevenson @nickshirleyy and @TaylerUSA . #ReleaseTheSignatures #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! ‘Sunshine laws are regulations requiring public disclosure of government agency meetings and records. Sunshine laws require specific businesses and government agencies to maintain transparency and disclose their activities to the public.” - Legal Information Institute It’s been said that sunshine is the best disinfectant. Utah’s crisis of confidence could be solved with absolute transparency from our election officials. Instead, they are obstinate in their efforts to subvert citizens’ requests to public records and transparency.  And Utah’s legacy media is dead. The future of investigative reporting belongs to citizen journalists such as @RealTStevenson @nickshirleyy and @TaylerUSA . #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Strong governors make for strong states. @SarahHuckabee showing us how it’s done! #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you!! Utah First! Thank you! Thank your mom for me! Together we’ve built a movement to take our state back. There is Unspeakable Good for Utah’s Future. Join me. Let us stand together and pave that road of abundance, prosperity and freedom for all Utahns. Vote- bring a friend, and let’s win this thing!  THERE ARE BETTER ROADS AHEAD #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Together we’ve built a movement to take our state back. There is Unspeakable Good for Utah’s Future. Join me. Let us stand together and pave that road of abundance, prosperity and freedom for all Utahns. Vote- bring a friend, and let’s win this thing!  THERE ARE BETTER ROADS AHEAD #utpol #Lymanforgovernor 🎯 #ReleaseTheSignatures Let’s take our state back! They did. We are the “gold standard,” remember? This is why our LG had to spend 500k of tax payer dollars to advertise the security of Utah’s elections, or was it advertising for a political campaign?  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor We are the “gold standard,” remember? This is why our LG had to spend 500k of tax payer dollars to advertise the security of Utah’s elections, or was it advertising for a political campaign?  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! 🇺🇸👏🏻 Strong governors, make for strong states. @SarahHuckabee has done and is doing an incredible job in Arkansas.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Me too. Let’s elect one on Tuesday. If you want to save Utah from becoming “blue” and restore its conservative values, make sure to register for the Republican primary and vote 6/25 for #Lymanforgovernor This is the way!!🇺🇸 Thank you! Thank you, I am very appreciative. Restore Utah to its conservative foundation, where conservative policies and principles guide our state. Thank you. 🇺🇸 I am the  *ONLY* Official Utah Republican Party Nominee. 2 out of 3 Republican delegates support me over Spencer Cox.  Utah’s Republican Primary is June 25th. You may register to vote until that date. After June 14th you must register in person at your county clerk’s office. Link to vote 👇vote.utah.gov/register-to-vo…  For more in depth policy positions visit Lymanforutah.com #utpol #Lymanforgovernor 👀 On Tuesday the 25th,  Utah will decide if we continue to be governed by a blue state governor or if we make Utah a ‘sanctuary’ for conservatives. This ‘sanctuary’ will be founded on the principles of limited government, fiscal responsibility,peace through strength, free markets, rule of law, and human dignity. With your vote you will choose and decide what the future of Utah looks like. Go VOTE and take a friend or two —- we have BETTER ROADS AHEAD.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! Save Utah!
 	Excellent. The federal government controls far too much of Utah (and other western states) impeding access to resources, recreation, housing, and economic development.  Utah belongs to Utahns. We initiated this with HB148 in 2012. The statehood agreements to dispose of these lands at statehood are the same for all states east and west of the Rockies. Why shouldn’t the fed govt be req’d to honor identical statehood promises? #StandForOurLand #UTPol #UTLeg But he cannot quote or describe them in detail on air because…they are two vulgar and indecent even for ADULTS! Notice he did not quote or even describe in detail any of the books which children in Utah are now protected from b/c they are too vulgar and pornographic FOR ADULTS!!
 	End the tax on Senior’s social security income in Utah. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Still awaiting my ballot. Then I'm proudly voting @phil_lyman. And I am so excited to vote for @phil_lyman. What’s the difference? #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Great choices!!! Got my ballot. Let's do this! Thank you!! #utpol #Lymanforgovernor 😅 Thank you! Let’s take Utah back! #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Be sure to vote for Lyman for governor, Staggs for senate, and Kennedy for congress(if you’re in my area). Utahns deserve sensible solutions, not billion dollar boondoggles. The Gondola is another one of those billion dollar boondoggles.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! Thank you! To all my cousins here in the 1st District,  This is the Zion ticket. Thank you! Thank you! Agreed! Dump cox Thank you. Thank you! It is the “ordinary” people  who will save America! Parents who refuse to let the government destroy their kids. Voters who refuse to let the government steal elections. People who reject surveillance and corruption and who are willing to expose it when they see it. It is an absolute honor to stand with Utahns who simply want not to be lied to.  #Lymanforgovernor #utpol 😅 Voting for @phil_lyman  You got your chance and blew it He/Him Cox. Awesome! Thank you. 1. 105 years ago today, Congress passed the 19th Amendment, granting women the right to vote. I’m grateful for the legacy of the freedom-minded men and women who laid the foundation for this milestone. It took years of hard work, struggle and sacrifice to pass this amendment Some counties were sent later. Thank you for this. Thank you! If you’re talking about HB316, feel free to listen to my comments in floor debate. This bill does not protect women. It places transgender rights ahead of everyone else’s rights.  le.utah.gov/av/floorArchive.… Or you could answer my question. (5) (a) Upon a request from a transgender inmate to be assigned to a living area with inmates whose biological sex at birth do not correspond with the transgender inmate's biological sex at birth, or if the department or a county jail seeks to assign a transgender inmate to a living area with inmates whose biological sex at birth do not correspond with the transgender inmate's biological sex at birth, the department or a county jail shall undertake an individualized security analysis considering criminogenic and other factors including: (i) the transgender inmate's anatomy which may be verified through a conversation with the transgender inmate, reviewing the transgender inmate's medical records, routine protocols applicable to all inmates, or as part of a broader medical examination of the transgender inmate conducted in private by a medical professional if necessary; (ii) the physical characteristics of the transgender inmate; (iii) the transgender inmate's criminal history, including whether the transgender inmate has displayed predatory behavior against individuals whose biological sex at birth do not correspond with the transgender inmate's biological sex at birth; (iv) the history of the transgender inmate's behavior while in the department's or a county jail's custody; (v) the likelihood of the transgender inmate causing physical or psychological harm to, or committing offenses against, inmates in the requested living area whose biological sex at birth do not correspond with the transgender inmate's biological sex at birth; (vi) the safety of correctional facility staff if the transgender inmate were to be assigned to the requested living area; (vii) an analysis of whether the transgender inmate has a history or pattern of: (A) anti-social attitudes or behaviors; (B) interacting with peers who display anti-social attitudes or behaviors; (C) negative family issues or influence; (D) a lack of achievement in education and employment; (E) not participating in pro-social leisure activities; or (F) substance abuse; (viii) whether the requested living area assignment would: (A) ensure the transgender inmate's health and safety; and (B) assist the transgender inmate in successfully reentering the community; and (ix) any other factor determined to be relevant by the executive director or a county sheriff. (b) The department or a county jail may assign a transgender inmate to a living area with inmates whose biological sex at birth do not correspond with the transgender inmate's biological sex at birth only if: (i) the department or a county jail determines, after undertaking the individualized security analysis described in Subsection (5)(a), that the assignment presents a low risk of causing: (A) any physical or psychological harm to an inmate who resides in or will reside in the living area, the correctional facility staff that manage the living area, or the transgender inmate; (B) disruption to correctional facility management; and (C) overall security issues; and (ii) there is no evidence that the transgender inmate is claiming a gender identity or expression that does not correspond with the inmate's biological sex at birth solely for the purpose of altering the inmate's living area assignment. I disagree better with He/Him RINO Cox.  That is why I’m for @phil_lyman for Utah Governor 🇺🇸 Btw Cox will never be president. Thank you! Thank you for sharing! 👏🏻 Phil Lyman here! I’m reaching out to you today to let you know about a few key election dates as we approach the primary election on June 25th. Every vote will matter in this crucial election, so please make a plan to vote! June 4: County clerks will start mailing ballots beginning Tuesday, June 4th. If you’re an active registered voter, then you will automatically receive a ballot in the mail. You can check whether you are registered here: votesearch.utah.gov/voter-se…. June 11: In-Person Early Voting Begins  June 14: Voter registration must be received by the county clerk before 5:00 pm on Friday, June 14. After June 14, you’ll need to go in person to an early or Election Day voting location or the county clerk’s office. You must bring at least two forms of identification to register to vote. Learn more about how to register to vote here:  vote.utah.gov/learn-about-re… Learn more about voter ID requirements here:  vote.utah.gov/voter-id-requi… June 21: In-Person Early Voting Ends June 24: Last Day Mail-In Ballots Can be Postmarked June 25: Primary Election Day #utpol #Lymanforgovernor 3 of us Delegates are canvassing our precinct and reminding all of June 25th is the Primary. Dropping off a voter information packet. Everyone we talk to is voting @phil_lyman and @MayorStaggs on June 25th. This is how governors #GovernBetter.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor It needs to go. Good Luck Phil!  I hope you WIN! Thank you! The reason I’m running for Governor is simple – I believe HONEST PEOPLE have rights too. I have watched as outside interests have come into Utah and influenced policies that have hurt the lives of Utahns.  External forces are hurting individuals. Families. Businesses.  Whether we’re talking about energy, education, or immigration – a state that defers its authority to the federal government is NOT a state. Spencer Cox has cowered to the federal government and outside interest groups are Utahns are getting hurt. A Governor should be the firewall between their state and the overreaching powers that want total control. Our governor has FAILED to do that, and it’s time for change. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Sweet! Cavanaugh’s has never shied away from standing for what’s right. Used to love their marquis messages back in the day💪🏼 Thank you! Thank you!! #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! Utah has better roads ahead. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor “With no thought for the consequences, Phil Lyman takes on those who undermine individual liberty, and that is why I support him and his run for the Governor of Utah. Taking a stand cost him dearly in financial terms. He was prosecuted by a politically motivated and morally suspect federal justice system. He did not back down but fought for what he knew was true. Phil was elected with an overwhelming victory to the Utah House of Representatives where he has continued to push back against federal encroachment into all areas of the lives of the Utahns he serves. Now he is running for Governor, and it is past time for Utah to have a Republican Governor who wil not pander to the woke, corrupt, federal agencies that are working overtime to destabilize this great country. Strong states are the key to having a strong country. I wholeheartedly lend my support to Phil Lyman for Utah Governor and encourage my friends in Utah to do the same. This election is more important than most of us probably realize.” I am beyond honored and grateful, thank you @GenFlynn . @realDonaldTrump  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor great endorsement!! America First.  @GenFlynn @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor In Utah, the Primary is the actual election. 😅 He/him Cox could have taken the lead, like DeSantis, but he chose to take our freedoms away. Spread this to all of Utahans. RINO alert It’s the way disingenuous people operate.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you! Thank you! I didn't do that for you... I did it because UTAH NEEDS YOU.  And others like you to STEP UP.  Utah needs it, and AMERICA needs it. Pretty sad that the loudest supporters of Cox are paid by him or related to him.   I've already filled in the bubble for  @phil_lyman  #GovernBetter A Lyman administration will make Utah a ‘sanctuary’ for conservatives from all around the country.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor I’m so sorry. All your efforts were absolutely NOT for nothing. Thank you. I want to take a moment and fill you in on something important that happened. Over the weekend, the Utah GOP donated $10,000 to my campaign for Governor.  I want to say THANK YOU and I want to personally thank Rob Axson – Chairman of the Utah GOP – for all of the support they’ve given and plan to give to support the candidates who earned the trust and support of our state delegates.  I won the Republican Convention with over 67% of the state delegate vote and it’s becoming clear to Utah Republicans – I’m a strong conservative that will fight for our values. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor The radical Left will vote for the radical Left leaning candidate. Spencer Cox has been and is in lockstep with Biden.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Thank you SO much for this. I’m honored and grateful for such generous and kind words.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Elections have consequences. We now know what it’s like to have a crypto-democrat governor, a swamp creature congressman, and an absolute impostor of a senator. Now is the time to get the Gadiantons out of office. Vote for @phil_lyman, @PMforUtah, and @MayorStaggs @phil_lyman for Utah Governor. Thank you! Thank you! Thank you @SLCountyGOP for such overwhelming support and this fantastic voter guide.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Utah has better roads ahead and I’m looking forward to being able to #GovernBetter.  #utpol #Lymanforgovernor I will! Thank you! Let’s support and advocate for Utah families and get rid of the tax on groceries. #utpol #Lymanforgovernor Take note #Utah @phil_lyman
 	Start this Soggy Saturday with News from Assemblymember John T. McDonald III, RPh: mailchi.mp/nycap/news-from-a… I am also on  Bluesky. Follow me at @johnmcdonald108.bsky.social bsky.app/profile/johnmcdonal… 
 Topic 8: 
 	 San Francisco’s new RB1: CBS News has published a response to the “Cat Eaters of Ohio” story. It’s a supremely dishonest and completely partisan report, but let’s break it down, to show exactly how the establishment media maintains its lines of propaganda.    The CBS report hinges on two arguments. First, CBS writes: “The video shows what appears to be animal carcasses on a grill. The man filming the footage alleges, without evidence, that they are cats.” Without evidence? The eyewitness directly observed the incident and took a video recording of it—both of which are firsthand evidence. But CBS’s apparent standard, when such evidence violates the establishment narrative, is: Don’t believe your lying eyes. The report also quotes Dayton’s Democratic mayor, who says there have been “absolutely zero reports of this type of activity.” Which is true, but does not contradict the evidence at all. Nobody filed a police report, so there would be no police report—and the absence of a police report does not mean that something did not happen. This is a convenient way of ignoring the evidence, and laundering lies through friendly media apparatus. What did CBS not do? Journalism. The network, which has massive resources, did not send a reporter to the scene, interview the eyewitness, interview the neighbors, investigate the visual evidence, conduct background research, or provide a detailed analysis. They simply adopted “don’t believe your lying eyes” as their standard and repeated an empty, evidence-free statement from a partisan political figure. Now, I’d like to take you through exactly how we produced the story and analyzed the evidence. This is precisely the case that I made in the original piece, that the establishment media is more interested in denial and obfuscation, even when the evidence points the other way.    Sourcing  An individual in my personal social network reached out with a tip and a link to the social media post with the video. (This source neither requested, nor received, the monetary prize I had posted on social media a few days prior.) Our team then collected the timestamped social media from August 2023, which was still live. We tracked down the author, authenticated the video, matched it to his voice, and conducted an interview by phone, in which he confirmed the key details of the story.  The following day, we had the author bring us to the location and make introductions, had a team member conduct background research, and sent a reporter into the field to make observations and conduct interviews. To confirm the exact location of the video, we matched the visual elements in the picture to the visual elements on the scene, down to matching knot patterns in fence planks, which provided us with the precise address and camera position relative to the scene. For extra care, we also cross-referenced the visual evidence with street and satellite images, plus residential property records. Eyewitness Account Our interview with the eyewitness matched the details of the original video and was unambiguous in its conclusion: “This African dude next door had the damn cat on the grill. They was barbecuing the damn cat!” The eyewitness was familiar with the African families in the housing complex (his son played with their children) and his child’s mother, who lived next door to the Africans, had observed them on at least one occasion butchering a large mammal on the street.  The eyewitness had a close, unmediated look at the incident and maintained a consistent story over one year, to multiple different groups, including his own peer group. He is familiar with barbecuing and, like anyone, is familiar with cats. The source of his initial shock was that the animal on the grill was not a chicken, burger, hotdog, or other usual fare. Again, he witnessed the incident firsthand, recorded a video, and maintained a consistent story over a year. This is all direct evidence, contrary to CBS News’s disingenuous claim. Field Interviews Our field reporter spoke with a half-dozen people in the housing complex, who confirmed the following details: all of the residents of the complex were migrants from Africa, most commonly the Congo; they were familiar with the eyewitness, his child’s mother, and his son; they told us another African family had recently moved out of one of the units; this family owned and used a blue grill; the father would go out with a knife and gather meat; there were stray cats breeding on the property and some residents wanted to get rid of them.  We also made the following direct observations on the scene: we matched the visuals in the video to the location; we found an abandoned grill that matched the make, model, and color in the video and the descriptions in the interviews; we noticed that there were at least ten cats on the property, which appeared to be strays and were very comfortable with the residents, coming onto the porches and milling around the exterior of the house. Background Research Our research team learned that there is a tradition of cat eating in the Congo and surrounding nations. We also learned that, since at least 2021, Dayton has accommodated a relatively large number of migrants from the Congo. By chance, one of our in-house researchers had experience dissecting cats and studying their anatomy. In addition, we spoke on background with a chicken farmer, surgeon, biologist, hunter, and medical professor. After some left-wing conspiracy accounts on social began claiming that the animals were chickens, rather than cats, we asked them to provide their opinion. I will reproduce some of the quotations from two of those interviews below. Chicken Farmer Interview This farmer, who has processed thousands of animals per year, confirmed that it could not be a chicken in the video: • “The most obvious evidence is that the claws on the grill are facing the wrong way for it to be an avian creature. Size-wise the only poultry [the claws] could credibly be compared to is a Cornish game hen or something small, but the carcasses are much larger than that. Literally any poultry farmer or butcher would tell you that’s not a chicken or a waterfowl.” • “A bird wouldn’t be able to rest upside down like that. Its heavy legs would cause it to flop to one side or another, or the legs would just drop down to either side … There’s no way for a bird to naturally sit that way. They’re bottom-heavy creatures.” • “The legs are too skinny [to be a chicken]. The ‘drumstick’ even on a laying hen would be much meatier. Number two is that, even if it were a bird, the talons are facing in the wrong direction. But they are in the right direction for cat’s paws. They are basically claiming that the two legs on the left are those of a chicken, and that its butt is somehow propped in the air. First of all, why would it be propped in the air? ... But more importantly, why would the drumsticks be stuck up in midair? For a quadruped like a feline this makes sense (they are the front legs) but not an avian creature which has one set of legs with a sort of folding joint in them. If the bird were face up as they are claiming, the legs would fold down onto the thighs, not project straight into the air.”   • “The feet of a chicken or a waterfowl are much larger in proportion to the carcass than what’s in the video. Whereas the proportion fits that between a cat’s leg and paw. When you shoot a cow or sheep or pig, they might fall and roll onto their back with their legs straight up in the air like the cat is. Because they’re also quadrupeds. Not possible with a chicken because it just has a totally different leg structure. Made to do different things.” Surgeon Interview This surgeon, who also has practical experience with animals, explained that the proportions of the animal, particularly the “ileum-to-scapula distance,” resemble a mammal, more specifically, a cat, rather than a chicken: • “It’s fascinating how different animal species have remarkably similar skeletal structures - the humerus is proximal to the radius, the sternum anterior to the scapula - but the relationship of those bones to each other is what largely differentiates one animal species to the next, not only in appearance but also in function.” • “[In the video,] you can see that a cat has a greater distance between the scapula and the ileum. This provides more space for the abdominal organs (i.e. small bowel, liver) between the thoracic cavity and the pelvis. When the legs are stretched, a 90-degree angle is formed between the legs and the pelvis/abdominal cavity (as can be seen in the picture).” • “In contrast, a chicken has a very short distance between the scapula and the ileum. The reason for this is that the abdominal organs are located more caudally (i.e. towards the tail). When a chicken’s legs are stretched, this exaggerated 90-degree angle (as is seen in the video) is absent because the thoracic cavity is so close to the pelvis - hence, short distance between the scapula and ileum.”   • “The animals in the video are cats and not chickens due to the pronounced right angle between the legs and the abdomen that occur as a result of a longer ileum-to-scapula distance.” Conclusion The CBS News report is not credible and does not make any attempt to investigate the facts. Rather, it simply denied the eyewitness account and firsthand video as “without evidence”—a logical contradiction—and copied a statement from the Democratic mayor, who also did not investigate the matter. There is no indication that CBS sent a reporter into the field, conducted any interviews, or provided any visual analysis. There is no indication that CBS even knows where the incident occurred, something that took our team some time on the ground. As I wrote in my original piece about the story, the establishment media wants to maintain a line of propaganda and wish away any evidence to the contrary, appealing to authority rather than evidence. This is dishonest and does a disservice to productive debate.
 	NA There’s something about Miami’s attitude that will eventually catch up to them. They got size and talent but something is missing there. I like em. But I don’t. They seem to be going through the motions. I mean there’s a lot to like but I also see a lack of flying around.  I think Cam Ward is so good that he’s got that Andruw Jones thing going where it looks like he’s just kind of moving around and not quick. His teammates however need to be hustling. Easy tigers! I said I like them but there is something off. “Sorry you just don’t have that villain quality we are looking for.” “My mother can sew me a gorilla costume.” “When can you start?” NA I meant exactly what I just heard Saban say about them about 5 minutes ago. They are believing hype about themselves. you can see it on field. VaTech was in position to win because guys did not practice well and half an effort last night. It’s not good enough for that team. Saban and I have the same shit take I guess. I didn’t parrot it. I said it last night. He said it this morning. And calling something a shit take is disagreeing. And that’s okay. Own it big boy don’t wash it back. And no worries. Ha! Have a great life and God keep you. It’s alright. I just hope he understands two things 1) I’ve forgotten more football than he’ll ever know 2) it’s never too late to change. Until it is. Sadly I never rode the Mickey kick the shit out of you magic wonderland.  I feel like I missed out. I see you. Felicidades! But that 25% it hits?..Watch out!  Good stuff. To those doubting whether retirement is good. Look at this. You become omniscient.  Awesome. The calm level rhetoric hits the spot.
 	Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Musk No Open your eyes 👍 Yes Yes
 	Yup, that’s me… ☠️☠️☠️ And y’all AIN’T GONNA BELIEVE THIS. 🐍 Folks asking what kinda snake. May as well been an anaconda in that moment. 😂😂😂 USELESS bo. 😂😂😂😂 At least I now know that I have a strong, healthy heart ❤️. 😂😂😂
 	NA NA NA It's \"incumbant\" [sic], Chris. Words be hard. And, looking further, it appears they didn't check their list very well. More than one person \"to send home\" isn't running, including at least one of their \own. NA That observation is consistent with my experiences.
 	Back door
 	Absolutely
 	I didn’t come up with it? Glad to know they give someone answers! We’ve been asking them that for months now. There’s absolutely no reason to wait until who knows when in August (with no guarantee) when we can handle it now.
 	Okay I think we can dial it back now Yep.
 	NA Seeing everyone post about how they miss CBS announcers and I’m just over here like… You read that wrong. I didn’t like CBS broadcast Let’s Go. Roll Tide! Have you tried turning them off and then turning them back on again?
 	👀 Didn’t age well did it ?
 	That moment when you pull the wrong slide deck because you’ve given so many similar presentations and don’t realize it until you get deep into the deck then have to pivot😱 who’s been there????🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
 	Ruby Bridges has an instagram account Desegregation wasn’t that long ago 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
 	Same. Nice. Nice.
 	NA NA
 	🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
 	That’s true.
 	NA
 	Preach
 	💯💯💯 
 Topic 9: 
 	 Although it is too soon to specify the exact location and magnitude of impacts, there is an increasing risk of life-threatening storm surge and damaging hurricane-force winds along portions of the northern and northeastern Gulf Coast, including portions of Florida. It's hard to believe 353 days have passed since October 7th, and STILL Americans and Israelis are being held hostage by Iran-backed Hamas.  We cannot forget these men and women. We cannot stop fighting until they are ALL HOME. Floridians know that storms can form quickly, so it’s our job to get ready for whatever this week may bring.  Remember, Hurricane Michael changed from a tropical storm to a Cat 5 in less than a week, and this storm looks very similar. Don’t delay. Get prepared TODAY so you and your family are ready for whatever comes.  ➡️ rickscott.senate.gov/hurrica… 5PM EDT Sep 23: Potential Tropical Cyclone Nine is forecast to strengthen significantly the next few days. A tropical storm watch has been issued for the Lower Florida Keys and Dry Tortugas. Stay up to date with the latest forecast at hurricanes.gov (1/2) A TROPICAL STORM WATCH is in effect for the Dry Tortugas & Lower Keys (West of 7 Mile Bridge). Tropical storm winds are expected along the watch area by Wednesday. Preparations to protect life & property should be completed asap. 9/23 6pm ET: #PTC9 is likely to become a major hurricane prior to landfall along the NE Gulf Coast. This will be a large system, and impacts will extend far from the center, including: ➡️Life-threatening storm surge ➡️Damaging winds ➡️Flash/River Flooding #ALwx #FLwx #GAwx ⛈️ Ahead of #TropicalCycloneNine, four sandbag distribution locations will be open throughout Hillsborough County. Sandbags will be available starting Tuesday, 9/24, from 9 AM - 7 PM. Residents must bring their ID.  🔗 Get info on sandbag distribution: bit.ly/4dhqq91 I just spoke with the @NHC_Atlantic Director, Dr. Michael Brennan. Everyone on the Gulf Coast should GET PREPARED for a major hurricane with flooding & storm surge & destructive wave activity. Don’t wait until this storm hits…make a plan today. Read more ➡️ rickscott.senate.gov/2024/9/… Hablé con el director del @NHC_Atlantic, el Dr. Michael Brennan. Todos en la Costa del Golfo deberían PREPARARSE para un huracán mayor con inundaciones, marejada ciclónica y actividad destructiva de olas. No espere hasta que llegue esta tormenta, haga un plan hoy. Lea más ➡️ rickscott.senate.gov/2024/9/… Just sent a letter with @SenMarcoRubio urging @POTUS to immediately approve Florida’s request for a pre-landfall emergency declaration as Potential Tropical Cyclone Nine is forecast to strengthen into a major hurricane. Get prepared for this storm NOW! We’ve got a major storm heading toward the Gulf, and just like Hurricane Michael, it could progress quickly. DON’T WAIT. MAKE A PLAN TODAY. rickscott.senate.gov/hurrica… 9/24 5AM EDT: The potential for life-threatening storm surge from #PTC9 is increasing along the coast of the Florida Panhandle and the Florida west gulf coast.  Residents should ensure they have their hurricane plan in place, and also follow advice given by local officials. Here are the Key messages for Tuesday early morning for Potential Tropical Cyclone Nine - Hurricane and Storm Surge Watches have been issued for the Gulf coast of Florida. More: hurricanes.gov 9/24/24 5AM Tropical Update:  🌀Hurricane and Tropical Storm watches up for the Gulf Coast of FL.  🌊Life-threatening storm surge expected along the nature coast.  🌧️Potential for flooding rains throughout FL. 🍃Tropical storm force winds will extend far from the center. #flwx ⚠️5am ET Forecast Update on #PTC9. Not too many changes forecast wise, but we're now in the watch phase of this event and we're going to dive deeper into the potential impacts across our forecast area. Thread below 👇 #FLwx #ALwx #GAwx Potential Tropical Cyclone 9 will bring up to 15 FT storm surge to Florida’s Big Bend. This is deadly! There’s no time to wait. Listen to local officials and make a plan NOW. Sandbags are now available to residents at our self-service distribution site next to the Sports Complex football stadium at 2335 Sunset Dr. Access to sand piles and fillable bags will remain open 24 hours a day through Thursday. Limit 15 bags per resident; please bring a shovel. In preparation for possible impacts, the City will begin sandbag operations on 09/24/24 from 10am - 6pm at Festival Park, 191 Howland Boulevard.  Residents may receive up to 10 bags per vehicle & should bring shovels, gloves & extra hands to help expedite operations. In preparation for Potential Tropical Cyclone #9 you should sign up for the Special Needs Registry if: - You're medically dependent on power - You need transportation to evacuate - You need assistance in accessing medication during a disaster Register ➡️bit.ly/3BdnQ6T Now is the time for Florida’s Big Bend & Gulf Coast to get prepared. Listen to local officials!  Even if you aren’t in the direct path, storm surge WILL KILL YOU. Don’t take a risk. Get ready NOW! Charlotte County is currently under a Tropical Storm Watch and a Storm Surge Watch. Potential Tropical Storm 9 is expected to undergo rapid strengthening as it races northwards into the Gulf of Mexico. The wind field will expand as the storm strengthens. (1/4) This morning, a terrorist sympathizer taped this to our DC office door, spewing antisemitic lies.  I’ve got news for whoever did this: we won’t be intimidated. Iran-backed Hamas brutally murdered Israelis & Americans. Hamas is evil & Florida will ALWAYS stand with Israel. 🇮🇱 We share important information before, during, and after a storm through Alert Pinellas, an emergency notification service for Pinellas County, local municipalities, and the Sheriff’s Office. Sign up here pinellas.gov/alert-pinellas #PCEM #GetReadyPinellas Update #3 - Potential Tropical Cyclone Nine: Sandbag Locations - facebook.com/share/p/19EwcTA… 9/24 11AM EDT: There is risk of life-threatening storm surge from Tropical Storm #Helene for the coast of the Florida Panhandle and the Florida west coast, where a Storm Surge Watch is in effect. Residents in those areas should follow advice given by local officials. There are already mandatory evacuation orders in place in some counties due to Tropical Storm #Helene. Visit FloridaDisaster.org/Know to learn if your home is in an evacuation zone & #MakeAPlan NOW! Visit FloridaDisaster.org/Evacuati… to see if your county is evacuating. (2/2) What does this mean for YOU?  Starting Wed and thru early Fri.. 🌊Storm surge 2-4' , up to 6' possible for coastal Collier, Monroe from Flamingo to Bonita Beach 🌧️ 3-5\" of rain, with isolated 6\" + possible Check below for impacts to YOUR location! weather.gov/erh/ghwo?wfo=mfl Tropical Storm #Helene is coming and is forecast to be a massive and deadly major hurricane. Remember: you can rebuild your home, but you can’t rebuild your life. Listen to local officials. Get prepared. TAKE THIS STORM SERIOUSLY! 11 AM 9/24 | Tropical Storm Helene has developed. There have been no changes to the Tropical Storm Watches at this time. However, this will be a very large storm and effects are expected well outside of the cone. Additional areas will likely be added to the Watch later today. 9/24/24 11am Update: Tropical Storm Helene. 🌀TS Helene is still expected intensify into a major hurricane before landfall.  🌀It is expected to be a very a large storm with far reaching impacts.  🌊Life-threatening storm surge is expected.  🌧️Widespread heavy rainfall expected. 🚨 Just spoke to @NHC_Atlantic Director Dr. Mike Brennan again about Tropical Storm #Helene. Here’s what Floridians need to know about the current forecast: 🌀 MASSIVE and DEADLY storm surge. 10-15ft in the Big Bend and up to 8ft in the Tampa Bay area. You can’t run from water. If told to evacuate, GET OUT ASAP.  🌀 Expect a major hurricane and widespread impact. Don’t rely on the cone. It could move. Don’t ignore this storm! 🌀 Helene is huge. Tropical storm force winds will be felt up to 200+ miles out from the eye. All of Florida needs to prepare for severe weather. 💊 Under EO 24-209, residents who rely on prescription medication can get early refills regardless of typical limits.   If you're in a county under a State of Emergency for Tropical Storm #Helene, the time is NOW to utilize early prescription refill access. ⬇️ Over 5,000 sandbags have been distributed at the City's sites, which remain open. See the list: bit.ly/4ddVczP 5-gallon buckets are at each City site to fill bags. Be careful not to overfill the bag as they can get heavy. Get preparedness tips: bit.ly/3ZwPzJN For a current list of pre-filled and self-serve sandbag locations, please go to mymanatee.org/storm and click on the Sandbags link. Evacuations have been ordered for barrier islands, low-lying and flood-prone areas, manufactured homes and any homes that may not withstand high winds such as those that may be comprised from previous storms. (1/4) 🚨 Hablé con el director de @NHC_Atlantic, el Dr. Mike Brennan, sobre la tormenta tropical #Helene. Esto es lo que los floridanos deben saber sobre el pronóstico actual: 🌀 Marejada ciclónica MASIVA y MORTAL. De 10 a 15 pies en Big Bend y hasta 8 pies en el área de la Bahía de Tampa. No puedes huir del agua. Si te dicen que evacúes, SAL LO MÁS PRONTO POSIBLE.  🌀 Espere un huracán mayor y un impacto grande. No confíe en el cono. Podría moverse. ¡No ignore esta tormenta! 🌀 Helene es enorme. Los vientos con fuerza de tormenta tropical se sentirán hasta a más de 200 millas del ojo. Toda Florida debe prepararse para el clima severo. Read more: rickscott.senate.gov/2024/9/… Another innocent person is spending his birthday in the hands of Hamas terrorists. 354 days have gone by since October 7th. We cannot rest. We must bring them all home! 9/24/24 - 1:00 PM  City staff will be present to hand out bags for people to fill their own bags rather than wait in line. A second load of sand for filling will be arriving by 2 p.m. #pcflgov #stormprep Look at this graph, storm surge is expected to be double or triple the height of a human. This isn’t just a beach problem. It will come inland. Rising water will kill you. Don’t hesitate, listen to local officials and evacuate when they tell you to. Here's the latest on the current watches in effect ahead of #Helene: -Hurricane Watch 🌀 -Tropical Storm Watch 🌀 -Storm Surge Watch 🌊 -Flood Watch 🌧️ ⚠️⚠️Remember to review your evacuation plan and listen closely to instructions from local officials #FLwx We stand ready to support local & state efforts ahead of #Helene. The storm may bring life-threating storm surge & hurricane conditions in Florida later this week. We urge everyone in its path to finish preparations now & listen to evacuation orders. ➡️ fema.gov/press-release/20240… NA It’s crucial to keep every family member, including your pets, safe!  For those evacuating for #Helene, here’s a list of pet-friendly shelters near you ⬇️ 9/24, 4PM: There are voluntary & mandatory evacuation orders in effect in 13 counties for Tropical Storm #Helene. Find out if your county is under an evacuation order at FloridaDisaster.org/Evacuati… & determine if you need to evacuate soon! ⬇️Use the info below to help #MakeAPlan. 🚨 BREAKING: Following our letter, @POTUS has approved Florida’s request for a federal pre-landfall emergency declaration. #Helene is forecast to hit Florida as a major hurricane & we need everyone – local, state & federal – to work together on preparation, response & recovery. 🚨 After two assassination attempts on Pres. @realDonaldTrump's life, it's clear the Secret Service must do more to keep him safe. I'm on the Senate floor to get my, @RepMikeLawler & @RepRitchie’s Enhanced Presidential Security Act, which already passed the House, passed by unanimous consent. 9/24 5pm EDT: There is a danger of life-threatening storm surge from Tropical Storm #Helene along the entire west coast of the Florida Peninsula and Florida Big Bend, where a Storm Surge Warning is in effect. Residents in those areas should follow advice given by local officials. Hurricane and storm surge warnings have been issued for portions of the Florida peninsula.  Promptly follow evacuation and other instructions from local officials #Helene 🚨 BREAKING: The Senate just unanimously passed my, @RepMikeLawler and @RepRitchie’s Enhanced Presidential Security Act, which will support the protection of President @realDonaldTrump and all future presidential and vice presidential nominees. Now it goes to @POTUS’ desk for a signature. 🗣️ PREPARE NOW! #TropicalStormHelene REMEMBER: 🌊 Up to 15 ft storm surge 🌬️ Up to 110 mph winds 🌧️ 3-6 in up with locally higher amounts 🌪️ A few tornadoes possible #FLwx SANDBAG UPDATE: #PascoCounty Emergency Management is closely monitoring the potential development of tropical weather and is encouraging you to be prepared for localized flooding in the next few days as the system makes its way toward Florida: Pasco County has two sandbag stations open 24/7 to help protect your property from potential flooding: 📍Magnolia Valley Golf Course, 7223 Massachusetts Ave. | NPR 📍Pasco Public Works C-Barn, 30908 Warder Rd. | San Antonio Due to the potential for coastal and inland flooding, we’re also opening additional locations.  These sandbag sites will be open from sunrise to sunset, until further notice: 📍Veterans Memorial Park: 14333 Hicks Road | Hudson 📍Pasco Fire Rescue Station #29: 6907 Dairy Rd | Zephyrhills 📍 Heritage Park, 5401 Land O' Lakes Blvd |  Land O' Lakes, FL 📍  Holiday Site, 2654 Grand Blvd, Holiday Dade City & New Port Richey is also providing sand to city residents: 📍 Former Dade City Police Department building, 38042 Pasco Avenue, Dade City 📍 New Port Richey Garage, 6420 Pine Hill Road, New Port Richey For more information on how to properly fill and place sandbags please click here: mypas.co/PascoSandbags Florida families: the number of counties with voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders is growing. It’s crucial that you listen to local officials as #Helene develops and evacuate if they tell you to. It’s a matter of life and death. This storm is a monster, and it will kill you! There is a danger of life-threatening storm surge along the entire west coast of the Florida Peninsula and Florida Big Bend with #Helene.  🌊@NHC_Atlantic storm surge forecasts are given in feet above ground level. 🌊Adding to the destructive power of surge, battering waves may increase damage to buildings directly along the coast. 🌊Water weighs approximately 1,700 pounds per cubic yard; extended pounding by frequent waves can demolish any structure not specifically designed to withstand such forces. 🌊The two elements work together to increase the impact on land because the surge allows waves to extend inland. ☎️If you need assistance finding or going to a shelter in the Big Bend region as you evacuate for Tropical Storm #Helene you can now call (800) 729-3413. The line is taking messages tonight & team members will be conducting callbacks tomorrow to facilitate shelter coordination. If you’re under an evacuation order, you need to GET OUT. #Helene is going to be a monster. First responders can’t rescue you after bad weather starts. You don’t need to travel hundreds of miles. Go to your local shelter & keep your family safe. If you have pets, bring them, too! Are you ready? Wednesday will be the last full day to prepare for the impacts of #Helene. Latest from @NHC_Atlantic: Helene is expected to rapidly intensify and grow in size over the eastern Gulf of Mexico. Damaging hurricane-force winds are expected along portions of the coast of the Florida Big Bend, where a Hurricane Warning is now in effect.  Preparations to protect life and property should be complete by early Thursday since tropical storm conditions are expected to begin within this area on Thursday. Make sure your hurricane kits are ready to go! @FLSERT 🌀 Weather Impact Timeline 🌀 Here's a look at when to expect impacts from #Helene this week 👇#flwx 11pm EDT Sep 24 Key Messages for Tropical Storm #Helene. Steady to rapid intensification expected as the storm also grows in size with a large area of hazards covering the Florida Peninsula & Panhandle over the next few days. Latest Advisory: hurricanes.gov/#Helene ⚠️9/25 5am Update on #Helene. Overall no significant changes in track, but the storm has strengthened overnight and rapid intensification is likely ahead. Hurricane warnings have been extended further inland. We'll detail the threats/impacts below.  #FLwx #ALwx #GAwx 🚨 #Helene is growing stronger & @NHC_Atlantic expects it to intensify today into a massive & deadly hurricane. Get ready, make a plan & prepare to evacuate TODAY. Big Bend can expect up to 15ft of storm surge & 8ft in the Tampa Bay Area. That will KILL YOU! Don’t take a risk. Evacuations for Level A and manufactured communities have been announced. Residents in these areas should plan to stay with family, friends or elsewhere safely away from the evacuation area.  All evacuation centers in Sarasota County will open @ noon. As we prepare for Tropical Storm Helene, Zone A is under a mandatory evacuation notice beginning at 9 a.m. Mobile and manufactured homes, no matter their zone, are under a mandatory evacuation.                                     Find your evacuation zone: bit.ly/4dUz5jf After Hurricane #Michael hit Mexico Beach, I met a couple who stayed in their home on the beach. I’ll never forget what they said, “We didn’t take it seriously. When the water came in, we almost died. We’ll never stay again.” Please evacuate if asked. Don’t risk your life! 🚨 9/25: 21 counties are under a hurricane warning for Tropical Storm #Helene, meaning, hurricane conditions are expected in these areas within 36hrs. Finalize your disaster plans & continue to heed all orders from local officials! In preparation for Tropical Storm Helene, Hillsborough County opened emergency storm shelters at 9 a.m., today, Sept. 25 for residents who are concerned for their safety. Find more details on emergency shelters here: bit.ly/3ZAO90M MANDATORY evacuations ARE NOW IN EFFECT for the following areas of #PascoCounty: • Evacuation Zone A • Everyone living in a manufactured home, mobile home or RV anywhere in Pasco • Everyone in low-lying areas or areas prone to flooding • Everyone in an area ordered evacuated by local authorities due to life-safety hazards VOLUNTARY evacuations ARE NOW IN EFFECT for the following: • Evacuation Zones B and C • Everyone registered with Pasco as a Special Needs Resident • Everyone who would be vulnerable in the event of a power loss Don’t know your zone?  Click HERE and enter your address on our interactive map: mypas.co/Map If you are evacuating and are not able to stay with friends or family, Pasco County is OPENING SHELTERS at 4 p.m. Wednesday.  All shelters are accepting family pets: The following shelters will open Wednesday, September 25,, at 4 p.m.: • Centennial Middle School, 38505 Centennial Road, Dade City • Fivay High School, 12115 Chicago Avenue, Hudson • Wiregrass Ranch High School, 2909 Mansfield Boulevard, Wesley Chapel (Special Needs & General Population) • River Ridge Middle and High Schools, 11646 Town Center Road, New Port Richey • Sunlake High School, 3023 Sunlake Boulevard, Land O’ Lakes The following Special Needs Only shelter opened Wednesday, September 25, 2024, at 9 a.m.: • Fasano Regional Hurricane Center, 11611 Denton Avenue, Hudson Pasco County Public Transportation bus services will be running regular routes and offering free rides to Pasco shelters starting at 2 p.m. Wednesday, until weather conditions deteriorate. Have questions?  Call or chat with Pasco County Customer Service Center: 727.847.2411 | MyPasco.net Pinellas County has issued a mandatory evacuation order for residents in Zone A and all mobile homes countywide for Tropical Storm Helene. /1 ☎️ The State Assistance Information Line (SAIL) is now active. Residents needing resources before & after Tropical Storm #Helene can call 1-800-342-3557. There are English, Spanish & Creole speakers available to answer questions. Visit ➡️ FloridaDisaster.org/Updates. #Helene will bring DEADLY STORM SURGE to Tampa Bay.  Helene is a monster, and today is our last chance to prepare. TAKE THIS STORM SERIOUSLY. Impacts will cover most of our state. Listen to local officials and do what they say. This is about keeping you and your loved ones alive. At 10 a.m., an Integrated Public Alert & Warning System (IPAWS) was sent for Level A Evacuation and recommended Level B. Lee & Buffalo Creek Middle  shelters are open. Find your evac level at mymanatee.org/storm. If you require transportation assistance, call 3-1-1. For 355 days, Hamas terrorists have held men, women and children as hostages.  For 355 days, they’ve brutally attacked our friend Israel. We cannot be silent. This is evil on full display, and I refuse to forget it. I will ALWAYS stand with Israel! 🇮🇱 🌀 Prepare your livestock for any effects ahead of Tropical Storm #Helene & use the tips below to help guide you! Find more preparedness info & storm resources at FloridaDisaster.org/Updates. 9/25 11am EDT: There is a danger of life-threatening storm surge from #Helene along the entire Florida Peninsula and Florida Big Bend, where a Storm Surge Warning is in effect. Residents in those areas should follow advice given by local officials and evacuate if told to do so. I’ll be in Bay, Franklin & Taylor counties today to receive briefings from local law enforcement & emergency management on Hurricane #Helene. Storm surge from Tampa to NWFL is DEADLY! Mandatory evacuation orders are in effect. Don’t underestimate this storm - stay alert & stay alive. 🚨 #Helene is now a hurricane. I’m in the Panhandle and Big Bend today doing everything possible to make sure folks are prepared, but we need you to do your part.  Get prepared, make a plan and evacuate if asked to do so. Keep your family safe! Last year, Hurricane Idalia brought 4-foot storm surge that flooded 1,500 homes in Pinellas. With 5-8 feet of surge forecast Thursday through Friday, Helene poses an even bigger threat to our coastal and low-lying neighborhoods. /1 I just spoke with @NHC_Atlantic to receive an update on Hurricane #Helene. Do not underestimate this storm. It's a big system, and it will impact you, even if you're not in the eye. Storm surge will hit from the Big Bend to Naples. If local officials are telling you to evacuate, LISTEN TO THEM. Hablé con @NHC_Atlantic para recibir una actualización sobre el huracán #Helene. No subestime esta tormenta. Es un sistema grande y te puede afectar, incluso si no estás en el ojo del huracán. La marejada ciclónica afectará desde Big Bend hasta Naples. Si los funcionarios locales te están diciendo que evacuees ESCÚCHELOS. 9/25 2pm EDT: There is a danger of life-threatening storm surge from #Helene along the entire west coast of the Florida Peninsula and Florida Big Bend. Residents in those areas should follow advice given by local officials and evacuate if told to do so. #PSA: Although the center of Hurricane #Helene will remain well offshore of South Florida, the large size of the storm will result in a forecasted *3 to 5* feet of storm surge across our SW Florida coastal communities:  - Marco Island - Vanderbilt Beach  - Naples - etc St. Johns County will open two storm shelters to the public TOMORROW Thursday, September 26, at 8 a.m., in anticipation of impacts from Helene. 🔗 SJCFL.US/Hurricane 📞 904-824-5550 With Hurricane #Helene getting closer, I’m reaching out to Florida’s local officials and sheriffs throughout the Tampa Bay Area, Big Bend and Panhandle to hear how I can help. Just called Crystal River Mayor @joecmeek3, @SheriffCitrusEM Mike Prendergast, @HernandoSheriff Al Nienhuis, @PascoSheriff Chris Nocco, @CityNPR Mayor Chopper Davis, @SheriffPinellas Bob Gualtieri, @MyClearwater Mayor @BruceARector, @VSPC Mayor Adrian Petrila, @StPeteFL Mayor Ken Welch, @HCSOSheriff  @ChadChronister, @CityofTampa Mayor @JaneCastor, @ManateeSheriff Rick Wells, @BradentonGov Mayor Gene Brown, @BradentonPD Chief Melanie Bevan, @SarasotaSheriff Kurt Hoffman, @TownofLBK Mayor Ken Schneier, Sarasota Mayor Liz Alpert, @LeonSheriff Walt McNeil, Levy County Sheriff Bobby McCallum, and Cedar Key Mayor Sue Colson. Make sure you have multiple ways to receive warnings during #Helene, including some that will work without power:  💻 Computer (with battery backup) 📻 Radio (battery power or hand crank) 📱 Cell phone (with solar power charger) #FLwx 5 evacuation shelters in Duval County are open as of 4pm: 🔴 Atlantic Coast HS 🔴 Chafee Trail Elementary 🔴 Legends Center 🔴 Landmark Middle 🔴 LaVilla School of the Arts For more information on which shelters are special needs, pet friendly, and more: jaxready.com/Helene Just left @MyBayCountyFL EOC, where I met with local officials and thanked them for all they’re doing to keep families safe. They’re doing everything they can, now it’s on every Floridian to do their part.  While Bay County may not be in the direct path of #Helene right now, it could shift. Everyone should be prepared. We're expecting MASSIVE STORM SURGE THAT CAN KILL YOU and a major hurricane to make landfall tomorrow, so MAKE A PLAN NOW AND EVACUATE ASAP if asked to do so. Also reached out to @BayCountySO Sheriff Tommy Ford, @mexicobeachfla Mayor Richard Wolff, @beach_panama Mayor Stuart Tettemer, Panama City Mayor Doc Rohan, @GulfCountySO Mike Harrison, @GadsdenCtyBOCC Sheriff Morris Young, Liberty County Sheriff Buddy Money, Franklin County Sheriff A.J. Smith, @MayorOfTLH John Dailey, @WakullaSheriff Jared Miller, Jefferson County Sheriff Mac McNeil, Lafayette County Sheriff Brian Lamb, Madison County Sheriff David Harper, Taylor County Sheriff Wayne Padgett, Dixie County Sheriff Darby Butler, Horseshoe Beach Mayor Jeff Williams, @MyEscambia Sheriff Chip Simmons, @PensacolaMayor D.C. Reeves, Santa Rosa County Sheriff Bob Johnson, @OkaloosaCounty Sheriff Eric Aden, Destin Mayor Bobby Wagner, @CityOfFWB Mayor Dick Rynearson, @WCSOFL Sheriff Michael Adkinson, @HCSO_FL John Tate, Washington County Sheriff Kevin Crews, @JCSO_FL Sheriff Donald Edenfield, and Calhoun County Sheriff Glenn Kimbrel. Just stopped in Apalachicola. Franklin County could see up to 10 FEET of deadly storm surge. Just east of here, the rest of the Big Bend could see up to 18 FEET. That means massive flooding. #Helene is going to be a HISTORIC, LIFE-THREATENING STORM. Take it seriously and act now to stay safe. 4PM CDT Sep 25: #Helene strengthens and moves into the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. Preparations to protect life and property from storm surge and damaging winds along the Florida Big Bend Coast need to be rushed to completion today. Check back frequently for updates at hurricanes.gov I just left Franklin County, and I have one message: listen to law enforcement and EVACUATE.  We are now expecting #Helene to be a CAT 4 storm at landfall with DEADLY STORM SURGE…up to 20ft of storm surge in the Big Bend. You can’t survive storm surge. 20ft is unimaginable and will KILL YOU. If law enforcement is advising you to get out, listen to them. The team here in Franklin County is doing everything they can to keep families safe, but every Floridian needs to do their part. Hoy estuve en en @MyBayCountyFL EOC, donde me reuní con funcionarios locales y les agradecí todo lo que están haciendo para mantener a las familias seguras. Están haciendo todo lo que pueden, ahora le toca a cada floridano hacer su parte. Si bien el condado de Bay puede no estar en el camino directo de Helene en este momento, podría cambiar. Todos deberían estar preparados. Anticipamos que una MAREJADA DE TORMENTA MASIVA QUE PUEDE SER MORTAL y que un huracán mayor toque tierra mañana, así que HAZ UN PLAN AHORA Y EVACUA LO ANTES POSIBLE si se le pide que lo hagas. Thankful for the line workers who are ready to help Floridians recover from Hurricane #Helene. Spoke to @DukeEnergy, @TECOEnergy, @insideFPL, @WRECCoop, @sveccoop, @TCECFlorida and @TECtwwi to see how I can help as they prepare to respond. Acabo de salir del condado de Franklin, y tengo un mensaje: escucha a las autoridades y EVACUA. Ahora esperamos que #Helene sea una tormenta categoría 4 en tierra con MAREJADA DE TORMENTA MORTAL de hasta 20 pies de marejada ciclónica en Big Bend. No puedes sobrevivir a una marejada ciclónica. 20 pies es inimaginable y te MATARÁ. Si las autoridades te aconsejan que salgas, escúchalos. El equipo aquí en el condado de Franklin está haciendo todo lo posible para mantener a las familias seguras, pero cada floridano necesita hacer su parte. This is what 15 feet of storm surge from Hurricane Michael did to Mexico Beach. Imagine what 20 feet will do when Cat 4 Hurricane #Helene hits the Big Bend tomorrow.  If you underestimate this storm, it will kill you. Evacuations aren’t fun, but they save lives. Get out if asked to leave. Esto es lo que 15 pies de marejada ciclónica del huracán Michael le hicieron a Mexico Beach. Imagina lo que harán 20 pies cuando el huracán categoría 4 #Helene golpee el Big Bend mañana. Si subestimas esta tormenta, te matará. Las evacuaciones no son divertidas, pero salvan vidas. Sal si te piden que te vayas. 🚨TUNE IN: Join @SenRickScott and CFO @JimmyPatronis for an update on #HurricaneHelene  nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1LyGBgbme… Called @GovRonDeSantis, @AGAshleyMoody, Agriculture Commissioner @WiltonSimpson and CFO @JimmyPatronis to make sure Floridians are prepared and let them know I’m ready to make sure Florida gets the federal help we need as we rebuild after #Helene hits. An important announcement regarding tomorrow’s Adoptapalooza event . . . #shelterdog #shelterpets #pets #animals #adoptdog #adoptcat #adoptapalooza The first Point of Distribution site will open tomorrow 9/28 at 12 PM: 📍Lewis Sr. Woodville Park & Recreation Complex 1492 J. Lewis Hall Sr. Tallahassee, FL 32305 This site will have resources like food, water & tarps for Florida residents impacted by #Helene. Called Madison County Sheriff David Harper, Gadsden County Sheriff Morris Young, Leon County Sheriff Walt McNeill and Wakulla County Sheriff Jared Miller today.  Florida’s sheriffs are the best in the country. They’re doing incredible work to respond to #Helene and help Florida families stay safe following the storm. I’m fighting to make sure they have every federal resource they need to keep up the great work. Spent time calling our mayors in communities hit hard by #Helene, including Longboat Key Mayor Ken Schneier, St. Petersburg Mayor Ken Welch, Bradenton Mayor Gene Brown, Sarasota Mayor Liz Alpert, Ft. Myers Mayor Kevin Anderson, Ft. Myers Beach Mayor Dan Allers, Clearwater Mayor Bruce Rector, Treasure Island Mayor Tyler Payne, Sanibel Mayor Richard Johnson, and Naples Mayor Teresa Heitmann, to check in and see how I can help get them the federal resources they need to rebuild. As you're waking up this Saturday morning, the barrier islands remain closed. Crews continue to assess damage to infrastructure and clear roadways of sand and debris to make sure it is safe for your return home. Visit disaster.pinellas.gov for updates as we recover. #PCHelene Happy birthday, @SenBillCassidy! Emergency response distributions of food and resources are happening in Hillsborough, Pinellas, Manatee, and Pasco counties today, (9/28)!   For post #hurricanehelene support, you can find a distribution near you here > feedingtampabay.org/findfood #PascoCounty's West Pasco Resource Recovery Center is accepting #Helene-related storm debris Saturday and Sunday from 7 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. These services are provided for people in #PascoCounty only. No commercial debris will be accepted. More info: mypas.co/HeleneDebris Rescue teams continue evacuating people off the island. To assist getting people off the island who do not need medical attention, Treasure Island will have a bus making rounds off the island via the Treasure Island Causeway.  Read more: MyTreasureIsland.com/Helene Update on emergency distributions from @FeedingTampaBay for TODAY, Sept. 28: 🚨 WATCH LIVE: I’m on the @weatherchannel from Cedar Key to share an update on Hurricane #Helene and my work to coordinate resources and help Florida families recover. Spoke with @femaregion4 Administrator Robert Samaan to get an update on FEMA’s response throughout the state. He told me that @FEMA is actively working to get Floridians the help they need, and reaching out to those impacted by Hurricane #Debby to help build on existing claims for Hurricane #Helene.  If you or someone you know needs help with a federal agency while recovering from #Helene contact my team ➡️ rickscott.senate.gov/contact… As you return home after Hurricane #Helene remember - DO NOT enter your damaged home if: ⛽️ You smell gas 🌊 Floodwaters remain around the building 🚨 Authorities have not declared it safe to enter Find recovery resources at FloridaDisaster.org/Updates. Hablé con el administrador de @femaregion4, Robert Samaan, para obtener una actualización sobre la respuesta de FEMA en todo el estado. Me dijo que @FEMA está trabajando activamente para brindarles a los floridanos la ayuda que necesitan y se está comunicando con los afectados por el huracán #Debby para ayudar a aumentar los reclamos existentes para el huracán #Helene.  Si usted o alguien que conoce necesita ayuda con una agencia federal mientras se recupera de #Helene, comuníquese con mi equipo ➡️ rickscott.senate.gov/contact… Electric Vehicles that have been flooded in saltwater can catch fire. If you evacuated and left an electric vehicle or golf cart in your garage or under a building and you are not able to get to it or move it, we want you to let us know. /1 Comenzamos la mañana en Cedar Key con el sheriff del condado de Levy, Bobby McCallum.  Caminamos por la ciudad y evaluamos los daños. Es desgarrador ver tantas casas y negocios destruidos por esta tormenta, pero estamos juntos en esto y lucharé junto a usted en cada paso del camino para obtener los recursos federales que necesita. Started the morning off in Cedar Key with Levy County Sheriff Bobby McCallum.  We walked through the town and assessed the damage. It’s heartbreaking to see so many homes and businesses destroyed by this storm, but we’re in this together, and I will fight alongside you every step of the way to get you the federal resources you need. The city of #Clearwater has opened access for residents and business owners of #IslandEstates only. Business owners and residents may return to their homes and inspect their businesses. Island Estates residents and business owners must prove their residency or property interest to get through the checkpoint. To keep the re-entry process moving as smoothly and quickly as possible, it is preferred that residents or business owners show their barrier island re-entry passes to expedite the process. If residents or business owners don't have a re-entry pass, re-enter may be delayed. Employees of Island Estates businesses will also be given access with proper identification. Some of Island Estates is still without power. Residents should proceed with caution and contact the city information center at 727-562-4682 with general questions until 5 p.m. Storm response and damage-related questions can be directed to the Pinellas County Citizen Information Center 24 hours a day by calling 727-464-4333. Residents of #ClearwaterBeach and Sand Key will not be able to gain access through the checkpoint. Re-entry to the beach and Sand Key will not happen until conditions are deemed safe. City crews are working around the clock to make conditions safe enough for reopening. We appreciate your patience. If you need help with damages caused by Hurricane #Helene, call Crisis Cleanup: 844-965-1386 ☎️ Volunteers may be able to assist with: 🌳 Cutting fallen trees 🎛️ Drywall, flooring & appliance removal 🏘️ Tarping roofs 🏚️ Mold mitigation ‼️ Service is free but not guaranteed. Pinellas County announced it has opened cooling stations in areas where residents remain without power following Hurricane Helene. fox13news.com/news/cooling-s… ‼️ Right about now is when scammers may try to take advantage of those impacted by Hurricane #Helene. Verify contractor licenses by visiting MyFloridaLicense.com or call (866) 532-1440. Report suspicious activity to the Attorney General's office at MyFloridaLegal.com. High risk of rip currents remains in effect at area beaches. Always swim near a lifeguard if at the beach. If in doubt, don't go out. Waist deep is too deep if you are not experienced swimming in the ocean.#jaxwx #flwx Grateful for organizations like @FeedingTampaBay and the incredible volunteers here going above and beyond to help Florida families after Hurricane #Helene. Agradecido con organizaciones como @FeedingTampaBay y los increíbles voluntarios que están haciendo todo lo posible para ayudar a las familias de Florida después del huracán #Helene. While I’m traveling to counties impacted by the Hurricane #Helene, my team is helping in their communities, including Taylor County alongside the Second Harvest of the Big Bend, Cajun Navy Ground Force, Walmart, and Tyson Foods. Rebuilding and recovering is a team effort, and it’s inspiring to see each and every Floridian helping their neighbors. Mientras visito los condados afectados por el huracán #Helene, mi equipo está ayudando en sus comunidades. En el condado de Taylor están ayudando junto con Second Harvest of the Big Bend, Cajun Navy Ground Force, Walmart y Tyson Foods. Reconstruir y recuperarse es un esfuerzo de equipo, y es inspirador ver a todos los floridanos ayudando a sus vecinos. Shelters are open in areas affected by #Helene. To locate shelters near you, text \"SHELTER\" & your zip to 43362. You can also visit redcross.org/shelters. I’m here on Anna Maria Island in Manatee County to thank @ManateeSheriff Rick Wells and local partners for all they are doing to help folks recover.  It’s heartbreaking to see the devastation, and it’s times like these that every Floridian comes together and rebuilds stronger than ever. But we won’t do it alone—I’m fighting to make sure the federal government shows up as a strong partner for you every day until we fully recover. Estuve en Anna Maria Island en el condado de Manatee para agradecer a @ManateeSheriff Rick Wells y a los oficiales locales por todo lo que están haciendo para ayudar a la gente a recuperarse.  Es desgarrador ver la devastación, y es en momentos como estos que todos los floridanos se unen y reconstruyen más fuertes que nunca. Pero no lo haremos solos: estoy luchando para asegurarme de que el gobierno federal se presente como un socio fuerte para ustedes todos los días hasta que nos recuperemos por completo. People who need help reconnecting with loved ones missing after #Helene can call 1-800-RED-CROSS (1-800-733-2767). Be prepared to provide as much detail available to assist operators in potentially locating missing loved ones. Info from @RedCross: redcross.org/safeandwell Terrorists like Hamas have been holding Americans and Israelis hostage for 358 days and Hezbollah has continued its brutal rocket attacks on Israeli civilians. Good riddance to this evil man. Nobody will miss this terrorist. 🚨Following Hurricane Helene, @SenMarcoRubio & I are urging @POTUS to immediately approve the State of Florida’s request for a Major Disaster Declaration to help bring resources to communities devastated by hurricane-force winds, storm surge & flooding along our Gulf Coast. Charlotte charlottecountyfl.gov/depart… Lee leegov.com/hurricane/helene Sumter sumtercountyfl.gov/718/Emerg… Polk polk-county.net/public-safet… Hardee hardee.floridahealth.gov/pro… Desoto desotobocc.com/?/departments… Highlands highlandsfl.gov/departments/… 3/3 🌀The NWS recognizes the immense impact Hurricane Helene has had on communities across West-Central Florida.  To support your recovery journey, we've compiled a list of county-specific resources below. Please visit these websites for your specific county. 1/3 #FLwx #Helene Levy levydisaster.com/wordpress/ Citrus citrusbocc.com/news_detail_T… Hernando hernandocounty.us/department… Pasco pascocountyfl.net/_T18_R269.… Pinellas pinellas.gov/emergency-infor… Hillsborough hcfl.gov/residents/stay-safe… Manatee extreme-weather-dashboard-ma… Sarasota scgov.net/government/emergen…  2/3 With highs around 90 degrees and 'feels-like' temps in the upper 90s with lots of sunshine, there is a high risk of heat illness. Especially for vulnerable populations and those working outdoors. Not feeling well? Move to shade and sip water. Seek medical help if symptoms persist ➡️ There are Points of Distribution (PODs) open and providing resources to Floridians impacted by #Helene. 🥫 PODs provide things like water, shelf stable meals & tarps. 📍You can find a POD near you by visiting our live map here: arcg.is/0ff050. After a storm DO NOT SIGN ANYTHING.  An army of out-of-state contractors will descend on impacted communities! BUT, if you’ve gotten pressured into signing a bad roofing or adjuster contract, THERE’S STILL TIME to get out of it… but the clock is ticking!  ⬇️⬇️⬇️ Crisis Cleanup has activated the Hurricane #Helene Cleanup Hotline: (844) 965-1386. /1 Rick Scott tours Helene damage on Anna Maria Island 8.wfla.com/3TRi3Kv 359 days have gone by since October 7th of last year, and still, Americans and Israelis are being held hostage by Iran-backed Hamas terrorists.  How much closer to a year will we get? Enough is enough. We need to bring them home TODAY! 🚨Florida Business Owners  If you were affected by Hurricane Helene, the Small Business Emergency Bridge Loan is the first step to recovery. Apply now >> Floridajobs.org/EBL Natural disasters can cause distress & uncertainty.  If you are in need of disaster relief or mental health support call, text or chat 211. This information & referral hotline is available 24/7. Today, on Gold Star mothers and family day, we honor the families who lost a loved one in service for our county. We will never forget their sacrifice and heroic service to protect our freedoms. 🇺🇸 Federal Emergency Management Agency (@fema) assistance is now available to Pinellas County residents who experienced damages/losses due to Hurricane #Helene. Disaster assistance may include financial help for temporary lodging, basic home repairs & other disaster-caused expenses. Yesterday, I was on Cedar Key in Levy County & met Jordan Keeton, who owns the 83 West restaurant on Dock Street. Jordan has been through Idalia, Debby & now has lost everything again in Hurricane #Helene. Seeing his restaurant destroyed is heartbreaking, but Jordan is committed to rebuilding, & I’m working every day with @FEMA, @SBAgov, our local, state, and federal officials, and non-profits like the @RedCross to coordinate resources so every Florida family & small business owners, like Jordan, have the resources & assistance needed to fully recover & come back stronger than before. If you or someone you know needs help with a federal agency while recovering from #Helene, contact my team ➡️ rickscott.senate.gov/contact… Cooling & charging stations are available TODAY:  Azalea Recreation Center (1600 72nd St. N) - 9am-5pm Enoch D. Davis Center (1111 18th Ave. S) - 9am-5pm Robert Recreation Center (1246 50th Ave. N) - 9am-5pm USF St. Pete - University Student Center (200 6th Ave. S) - 9am-8pm FEMA assistance now avail to Pinellas Co residents who experienced damages/losses due to Hurricane Helene - financial help for temporary lodging, basic home repairs and other disaster-caused expenses. Apply online at DisasterAssistance.gov,  FEMA app or 1-800-621-3362. 💲❗ The Florida Small Business Emergency Bridge Loan Program is now open! Loans up to $50k are now available to businesses across Hillsborough County that were impacted by Hurricane Helene. Learn more ➡️ bit.ly/3N4JxbW As temperatures rise throughout the day, GT Bray Park will be open as a cooling station where you cool off if your residency does not have power. There will also be showers available to utilize, please bring your own supplies as shampoo and soap are not available at this time. I just visited Fort Myers Beach with @RepDonaldsPress and @SheriffLeeFL to survey damage and thank local law enforcement and officials for all they are doing.  My heart goes out to all the Floridians impacted by this storm, and I’m working every day with local, state, and federal partners, like @fema and the @SBAgov to coordinate resources and direct assistance to those in need. I’m grateful for the law enforcement, National Guard, emergency management officials and first responders for their work here on the ground. Acabo de visitar Fort Myers Beach con @RepDonaldsPress y @SheriffLeeFL para evaluar los daños y agradecer a la policía y a los funcionarios locales por todo lo que están haciendo.  Mi corazón está con todos los floridanos afectados por esta tormenta y estoy trabajando todos los días con las autoridades locales, estatales y federales, como FEMA y la SBA, para coordinar recursos y dirigir la asistencia a los necesitados. Estoy agradecido a los sheriffs, la Guardia Nacional, los funcionarios de gestión de emergencias y los primeros auxilios por su trabajo. ⚠️ 50% chance of tropical cyclone formation mid to late week over western Carribean or southern GOMEX ✅ Restock Supply Kit ✅ Review Hurricane Plan ❓Are you more vulnerable to wind/water impacts after Helene? Consider other safe shelter options #jaxwx #flwx #gawx Homeowners & renters in 17 counties are eligible to apply for Individual Assistance due to damages from Hurricane #Helene. Ways to apply: 🖥️ DisasterAssistance.gov 📱 Download the FEMA App ☎️ Call 1-800-621-3362 For more recovery resources & info, visit FloridaDisaster.org/Updates. Florida: 17 counties are eligible for disaster assistance. More may be added later as #Helene damage assessments continue. ➡️ Designated areas: fema.gov/disaster/4828/desig… ➡️Apply online at disasterassistance.gov, call 800-621-3362 or use the FEMA app: fema.gov/app The Glazer family is woven into the fabric of the Tampa Bay community.  On behalf of Floridians, thank you! Spoke with @RedCross CEO Cliff Holtz and thanked him for all the incredible work the organization and volunteers are doing to help Florida families impacted by #Helene. .@SenRickScott, DeSantis on the Rebuilding Frontline After Hurricane Helene Hits Florida Reported by @javmanjarres via @Floridianpress   floridianpress.com/?p=67764  #FlPol #HurricaneHelene
 	🚨 10/9: TODAY, is the last chance to use the free evacuation shuttle service in Manatee, Pinellas, Pasco, Hillsborough & Sarasota counties. Call 800-729-3413 for info & visit FloridaDisaster.org/Updates for shuttle locations. #HurricaneMilton is now expected to be a Category 4 at landfall, and remain at hurricane strength as it passes through our state. While it is still too soon to know exactly where the eye will make landfall, it is important to remember that impacts will be felt well outside of that area. Hillsborough and Pasco county residents should prepare appropriately for high winds, possible storm surge, and heavy rain. Your preparations need to be completed ASAP as conditions will deteriorate throughout the day. Remember, if you still need to evacuate, you do not have to travel far. Shelters are open in our area, with pet friendly and special needs options available. Please be safe, and remember to help others when and where you can today.  List of Pasco County shelters: pascocountyfl.net/_t18_r286.…  List of Hillsborough County shelters: hcfl.gov/residents/stay-safe… 🏠 SHELTER INFO ✅ Three additional shelters are opening at 10:30 a.m.   Capacity update: ❗Durant High School is nearing capacity ❗Shields Middle School is full ❗Erwin Technical College is full Find a general population or special needs shelter: bit.ly/3XPUp2e As we prepare for #HurricaneMilton to make landfall, our latest Burgess Bulletin has some storm safety tips and important last minute information. I know this has been a stressful and scary storm, but our community is resilient and we will get through this together.  myemail.constantcontact.com/… #HurricaneMilton will make landfall as a major storm tonight. As winds begin to pick up in our region, your preparations should be complete and you should now be sheltering in place until the storm has passed. Below are some important tips to remember during and after the storm. Please stay safe. UPDATE: ❗️Strawberry Crest High School is nearing capacity ❗️Erwin Technical College (special needs only) is full Find a general population or special needs shelter near you: bit.ly/3XPUp2e State shelters of last resort located in Hillsborough County: 📍City Furniture (3205 S Frontage Road, Plant City 33566) 📍Seminole Hard Rock Casino (5223 Orient Road, Tampa 33610) 📍BayCare (old Barnes & Noble- 11802 N Dale Mabry Hwy, Tampa 33618) UPDATE:  ❗️Sickles High School is full ❗️Durant High School is full Find a general population or special needs shelter near you: bit.ly/3XPUp2e Today we expect Hurricane #Milton to make landfall somewhere on the coast. Our district is under a hurricane warning, meaning we will experience hurricane conditions throughout today and into tomorrow.  This is a very dangerous storm and conditions will deteriorate as we move through the day and especially this evening and into tomorrow morning. As winds pick up in our area, your preparations should be complete and you should now be sheltering in place until the storm passes.  I know this has been a stressful and scary storm, but our community is resilient and we will get through this together.  Below are some storm safety tips, and last minute information. Please monitor the storm and be safe. #HurricaneMilton  myemail.constantcontact.com/… At the @DadeCityPolice EOC with Chief James Walters and his team. While we seek shelter during #Milton, our first responders are away from their homes and their loved ones to keep us all safe. Thank you for all you do! #HurricaneMilton #HurricaneMilton will make landfall in the coming hours. NOW is the time to stay indoors and avoid traveling – weather conditions will be dangerous across the state well into Thursday. Continue to listen to your local officials and check Fl511.com after the storm passes to see real-time road conditions and hazards before venturing out. 🚨 10/9: Hurricane #Milton will be extremely dangerous & cause downed trees, flying debris, & structural damage. Stay inside & away from windows & exterior doors. If you hear snapping tree limbs, treat it like a tornado & seek cover in your home! Flash Flood Warning including Tampa FL, Brandon FL and  Lakeland FL until 7:45 PM EDT An extreme wind warning is in effect for Tampa FL, Saint Petersburg FL, Clearwater FL until 9:30 PM EDT for extremely dangerous hurricane winds. Treat these imminent extreme winds as if a tornado was approaching and move immediately to an interior room or shelter NOW! #HurricaneMilton will make landfall in the next few hours. It is time to shelter in place as safely as you can. Remember, we are in this together, and communities across our state will come together after the storm passes to help one another in whatever ways are needed. While tonight might be stressful and scary, you will see the best of us on display in the days following as neighbors help one another and we begin to recover and rebuild. That’s what makes us #FloridaStrong! UPDATE: Pasco County Fire Rescue emergency service response for ALL of #PascoCounty is suspended. We're constantly monitoring weather conditions and will respond to calls for service when it's safe. If you're in danger, please call 911, and give us all the details of your situation. We'll get to you when we can.   Pasco County emergency officials are asking everyone to SHELTER IN PLACE! Flash Flood Warning including Brandon FL, Lakeland FL and  Palm Harbor FL until 1:00 AM EDT Please limit water use immediately due to power outages from #HurricaneMilton. We're running critical facilities on generator power but need your help to maintain water supply to Hillsborough, Pasco and Pinellas counties, and cities of New Port Richey and St. Petersburg. ❗𝐒𝐭𝐚𝐲 𝐨𝐟𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐑𝐨𝐚𝐝𝐬❗ Please stay off the roads while #teamHCSO works to clear downed power lines and trees. It's still too dangerous to venture out. Stay home and stay safe. REMINDER: STAY home, STAY in your shelter and STAY off the roads. #PascoCounty officials are urging you to STAY IN PLACE. As the sun rises and #Milton makes its way across Florida, there are downed trees and power lines being reported across the county. Crews are actively working to make travel safe again. As the storm moves away and weather conditions start to improve, please wait until the \"all clear\" is given before going outside and traveling on local roads. If you're experiencing a life-threatening emergency, call 9-1-1 and emergency crews will respond as quickly as we can. While the danger of #HurricaneMilton itself has passed, hazardous conditions remain throughout our region from floodwaters, downed power lines, fallen trees, debris, and more. First responders, linemen, and state and local officials are hard at work getting to people in need, restoring power and clearing roadways.  I know we are all eager to check on friends, family, businesses and the overall condition of our communities, but please continue to shelter in place for the time being to allow this important work to be done as quickly and safely as possible. If you must be on our roadways, please use extreme caution — do not drive through floodwaters, treat non-functioning traffic lights as four-way stops, and watch closely for and yield to emergency vehicles and utility crews.  I am thinking of and praying for those who were injured or had their homes or businesses damaged or destroyed by this storm. Help is on the way, and we will get through this together. #PascoCounty is offering an online tool to report storm damage following #HurricaneMilton. This allows you to send information and photos about non-emergency damages directly to our assessment teams. To report damage, mypas.co/ReportDamage ⚠️🌀 The mandatory evacuation order issued for zones A, B, and mobile/manufactured homes has NOT been lifted.  Please remain in place and stay tuned for updates. The Hope Line is operational 24/7 for the next two weeks. If you or your loved ones need assistance, call 833-GET-HOPE to speak with a Hope Navigator about the resources and support available.  We will get through this together! 🟢🌀 The #MandatoryEvacuation order in Hillsborough County has been lifted.  When traveling the roadways, stay cautious. There are still hazards such as flooding, downed power lines and trees, and debris in the area. #PascoCounty Emergency Management has lifted the mandatory evacuation order for Evacuation Zones A, B and C and mobile homes. Residents are now welcome to return home. Please use caution heading back into the storm-damaged areas, as recovery efforts are ongoing. Due to historic river flooding associated with #HurricaneMilton, Pasco County is recommending voluntary evacuations in the following locations: - Elfers - Cypress Creek at Worthington Gardens - Thousand Oaks - Everyone in low-lying areas or areas prone to flooding These shelters will remain open to assist anyone needing a place to stay: • *Fasano Regional Hurricane Center, 11611 Denton Avenue, Hudson *(Special Needs Only) • River Ridge Middle and High Schools, 11646 Town Center Road, New Port Richey Visit MyPasco.net and follow Pasco County on social media for the latest county updates on Hurricane Milton. #PascoCounty is offering two options for Pasco County residents to dispose of storm-related yard debris: you can drop off tree limbs or branches for FREE at one of Pasco’s two solid waste facilities OR you can pile your yard waste at the curb and Pasco County will pick it up in the coming weeks. DEBRIS DROP-OFF LOCATIONS 📍East Pasco Transfer Station, 9626 Handcart Road, Dade City Open every day from 7 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. for Pasco County residents 📍West Pasco Resource Recovery, 14606 Hays Road, Spring Hill Open every day from 7 a.m. – 7 p.m. for Pasco County residents Both locations are also accepting flood-damaged debris.  Fees for storm debris disposal are waived until further notice.  Please be prepared to show your I.D. with proof of Pasco County residency. *STORM DEBRIS PICK-UP: Pasco County will also be picking up loose, storm-related debris that is sorted into piles and placed by the curb. *Pasco will only pick up items that were damaged in the storm. Questions?  Call Pasco Customer Service: 727.847.2411 or visit MyPasco.net. An important message for Pasco County residents ⬇️  For your safety, please follow the guidance of our local officials. Pasco County residents: if you need to evacuate due to ongoing flooding, local shelters are open. Please see below for details. In addition to the ongoing flooding in our area, I know continued power outages are a concern for many as well. I am in communication with our local power companies and they are working around the clock to restore power safely. I want to thank the linemen who have been working day and night in our communities to fix the extensive damage caused by Hurricane Milton as quickly as possible. Until repairs are completed, please remember to avoid down power lines and only run generators outside away from your garage, exterior doors and windows. *FARM SHARE FOOD DISTRIBUTION* If you are in need of food and water in the aftermath of #HurricaneMilton, please stop by @FarmShareFL's free food distribution event tomorrow, Saturday, October 12, 2024, at 11:00am at East Pasco Meals on Wheels (@MOWPASCO), located at 38112 15th Ave, Zephyrhills, FL 33542. Items will be distributed on a first come, first served basis while supplies last. Thank you to @FarmShareFL and to all of the hardworking volunteers who are helping to get urgently needed supplies to the communities affected by Hurricane Milton. Some good news — @PortTampaBay has resumed fuel deliveries so more gas is on the way to stations in the region now ⬇️
 	12pm 9/23 Update:  PTC #9 has formed in the NW Caribbean. It is forecast to become a hurricane as it moves into the Gulf on WED. Life-threatening storm surge, damaging hurricane-force winds, & flooding are possible along the NE Gulf Coast WED PM into THU. #ALwx #GAwx #FLwx NA Residents can quickly receive emergency information by tuning into the Florida Public Radio Emergency Network Florida Storms via the mobile app or on battery-operated or hand-crank radios.   Find your local station below. ⬇️ Waiting on the latest from @NWSNHC?  Whenever a tropical cyclone (a tropical depression, tropical storm, or hurricane) or a subtropical storm has formed in the Atlantic or eastern North Pacific, the NOAA National Hurricane Center (NHC) issues tropical cyclone advisory products at least every 6 hours at 5 am, 11 am, 5 pm, and 11 pm EST. Find those updates here: nhc.noaa.gov/ ‼️Executive Order 24-208‼️ In response to Potential Tropical Cyclone Nine, Governor Ron DeSantis has issued Executive Order 24-208, declaring a State of Emergency for the following counties: Alachua, Bay, Bradford, Calhoun, Charlotte, Citrus, Collier, Columbia, Dixie, Escambia, Franklin, Gadsden, Gilchrist, Gulf, Hamilton, Hernando, Hillsborough, Holmes, Jackson, Jefferson, Lafayette, Lee, Leon, Levy, Liberty, Madison, Manatee, Marion, Monroe, Okaloosa, Pasco, Pinellas, Santa Rosa, Sarasota, Sumter, Suwannee, Taylor, Union, Wakulla, Walton, and Washington. flgov.com/wp-content/uploads… Here are the current chances for tropical storm force winds as well as hurricane force winds. Destin is on the western envelope of TS winds. Hurricane winds would be more toward Apalach/Big Bend area. The NHC Deputy Director Jamie Rhome will provide a LIVE update on Potential Tropical Cyclone #Nine around 5:30 PM EDT. Please join us on Facebook Live and the NHC YouTube Page at: invidious.tiekoetter.com/user/NWSNHC Full details of the latest forecast at: Hurricanes.gov/#Nine Attorney General Ashley Moody has activated the Price Gouging Hotline for counties included in Governor Ron DeSantis’ current State of Emergency due to Potential Tropical Cyclone Nine. Floridians in these counties can now report extreme price increases on essential commodities by calling 1(866) 9NO-SCAM, visiting MyFloridaLegal.com or using the free No Scam app. Lots of great information location in the 2024 Florida Hurricane Guide. No better time to review it than NOW! floridadisaster.org/planprep… Get alerted about emergencies and other important local events by signing up for the Emergency Alerting System. This system enables emergency officials to provide you with critical information quickly in a variety of situations, such as severe weather, unexpected road closures, missing persons and evacuations of buildings or neighborhoods. You will receive time-sensitive messages wherever you specify, such as your home, mobile or business phones, email address, text messages and more. You pick where, you pick how. Sign up here: apps.floridadisaster.org/ale… 🚨Bay County Residents: * Sign up for Alert Bay: alertbay.org 🚨Walton County Residents: * Sign up for Alert Walton: co.walton.fl.us/1369/AlertWa… 🚨Jackson County Residents: * Sign up for Alert Jackson: member.everbridge.net/453003… 🚨Washington County Residents: * Sign up for Alert Washington: member.everbridge.net/453003… 🚨Calhoun County Residents: * Sign up for Alert Calhoun: member.everbridge.net/453003… 🚨Okaloosa County Residents: * Sign up for Alert Okaloosa County: myokaloosa.com/ps/alert 🚨Holmes County Residents: Sign up for Alert Holmes: member.everbridge.net/453003… Potential Tropical Cyclone #Nine Advisory 3: Storm Surge and Tropical Storm Watches Issued For a Portion of Southwest Florida. hurricanes.gov 9/24 835AM ET 🌀🛰️ @NOAASatellites  Potential Tropical Cyclone #Nine remains disorganized, but should consolidate & become more symmetric as it enters to Gulf, then intensify. The N to NE track is supported by a trough moving in from the Plains and Subtropical Atlantic Ridge. When planning and preparing, keep in mind the impacts based on your location. A hurricane’s four quadrants each have different weather conditions, with the right front quadrant being the most dangerous and destructive part of the storm:    🌀🌊 Front left This quadrant is prone to flooding, storm surge, and heavy rain.    🌀 Bottom left This quadrant is usually weaker than the others, but can still be dangerous.    🌀💨 Bottom right This quadrant has the strongest winds and the full effect of the hurricane’s maximum sustained winds.    ‼️🌀‼️Front right This quadrant is the most dangerous part of the storm, with the strongest winds, tornado risk, maximum storm surge, and heavy rain. This quadrant is also known as the “dirty side” by meteorologists.    The wind flow in a hurricane is counterclockwise around the eye. The storm’s forward motion adds to the speed of the winds in the front right quadrant, making it the most destructive part of the hurricane. Check out this post from Meteorologist @Whitleyweather for additional breakdown: facebook.com/share/p/9ZtXGM6… Many will never understand how much of a difference having this governor lead before, during, and after a disaster, truly makes. We’ve been here before, we know @GovRonDeSantis will have every resource in place to assist when we are faced with some of our most difficult days.  Help will not be delayed.  Recovery will never depend on a reactionary effort, but a well planned, strategic response, successfully executed with all residents in mind. When you’re standing in the midst of destruction, the last thing you need is to be in a position where you must convince those at the top you’re deserving of urgent help. Thankfully, that has not and will not be our story.  Thank you Governor. The offices of the Bay County Board of County Commissioners will close Thursday, Sept. 26, in anticipation of potential impacts from Tropical Storm Helene. Evacuation Orders for Florida counties can be found at the link below.  For additional information, please visit your local Emergency Management website. floridadisaster.org/evacuati… NA BOOKMARK THIS:  Find the latest, most accurate information on #Helene.  Here you will find a compilation of information that you can use before, during, and after the storm to have the most current forecasted weather conditions for your area, evacuation and shelter information, and available resources to help keep you safe.  noaa.gov/helene Inland flooding from heavy rainfall is a common hazard with tropical systems, and Helene will be no different! Nearly every location within our forecast area will be under a Moderate Risk (Level 3 out of 4) for excessive rainfall Thursday into Friday. #gawx 11pm EDT Sep 24 Key Messages for Tropical Storm #Helene. Steady to rapid intensification expected as the storm also grows in size with a large area of hazards covering the Florida Peninsula & Panhandle over the next few days. Latest Advisory: hurricanes.gov/#Helene ⚠️9/25 5am Update on #Helene. Overall no significant changes in track, but the storm has strengthened overnight and rapid intensification is likely ahead. Hurricane warnings have been extended further inland. We'll detail the threats/impacts below.  #FLwx #ALwx #GAwx Do NOT leave behind your pets if ordered to evacuate. Have an emergency kit ready with food, medicine and more.   For pet safety tips, visit >> leegov.com/publicsafety/emer…. NA The State Assistance Information Line (SAIL) is now active. Residents needing resources before & after Tropical Storm #Helene can call 1-800-342-3557. Many of us are multi generational Floridians and the terms Panhandle and Big Bend have become very familiar.  For those of you who may be new to the area, there are several warnings/messages that refer to these areas which can be confusing. Here is a map that should help clarify. Spending the day in #HELENE briefings with national, state, and local officials. We are watching this storm very closely and stand ready to respond. The most important thing you can do is stay vigilant. Several residents in #District2 will experience tropical storm conditions on Thursday.  Make a plan. Prepare now. To help residents & emergency personnel stay connected ahead of Helene, Comcast has opened +52K public Xfinity WiFi hotspots in FL in Hurricane Helene’s potential path. The free & public hotspots are open for all, including non-Xfinity customers. More ➡️ comca.st/3N10mVe ⚠️9/25 5pm Update on #Helene. Hurricane Helene is forecast to strengthen rapidly into a major hurricane prior to making landfall along the northeast Gulf Coast Thursday Evening. Details of the threats and impacts below. #flwx #gawx #alwx
 	Helene power report: 532k currently out 1.86 million restored Governor DeSantis Visits Dekle Beach Following Hurricane Helene nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1mnxeAkXA… Today I visited Dekle Beach, where Hurricane Helene made landfall, to survey the devastation it caused. Many lost their homes. The Florida National Guard is on site to hand out food and water, and we're working with local officials to keep roads clear and residents safe. Hurricane Helene made landfall here near Keaton Beach and brought devastating storm surge to Taylor County.  Fortunately, no storm-related fatalities have been reported in Taylor County. We urge residents to stay safe when returning to hurricane-affected areas, operate generators 20 feet away from your home, and heed the directions of your local officials. Governor DeSantis Visits Bradenton Beach Following Hurricane Helene nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1lPKqOAdr… I toured the Bradenton area beaches that experienced major storm surge from Hurricane Helene. SR 789/Gulf Drive is covered in sand and washed out in places. Estimates were originally calling for weeks or months to repair it, but I've instructed @MyFDOT to help get it done sooner.  State crews are already on site working around the clock to make sure we can get the job done. Hurricane Helene power update: 2.175 million restored 227k outstanding Governor DeSantis Visits Pasco County Following Hurricane Helene nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1LyxBgbar… Met with Team Rubicon volunteers in Pasco County and thanked them for their efforts to help local residents in the aftermath of Hurricane Helene.  The State of Florida also announced that we are mobilizing hundreds of travel trailers for residents who had their homes damaged by the storm, so they can live comfortably on-site while renovations and repairs are underway. To apply for a travel trailer through @FLSERT, call the HOPE LINE at 1-833-GET-HOPE. Governor DeSantis Holds a Media Availability in Suwannee Following Hurricane Helene nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1RDGlykPY… Longboat Key portion of Gulf Drive has reopened after emergency repairs following Hurricane Helene… Visited Suwannee City in Dixie County, which experienced massive storm surge and was close to Hurricane Helene’s landfall, to meet with residents and to provide support and direct services to where they’re needed. Operation BBQ was on-site to help relieve hardworking volunteers and get more food out to the community, and they’ll be back tomorrow with more! Nearly 16-miles of S.R. 789 impacted by the wrath of #HurricaneHelene. Once the storm passed Bradenton Beach,  @MyFDOT_SWFL crews immediately deployed at daybreak  to clear the stretch of highway covered in mounds of sand and debris. Working around the clock to get the job done.
 	Tonight I joined the Weather Channel to Discuss Hurricane Milton. Governor DeSantis Provides Update #7 on Hurricane Milton at State Emergency Operations Center nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1MnxnDXjl… As of this morning, Hurricane Milton is still a Category 4 storm. Even if it weakens before landfall, Milton will be a major hurricane with catastrophic impacts on our state.   Now is the time to execute your hurricane preparedness plan. Heed evacuation warnings from your local emergency management officials. Time is running out—but there are free shelters in your area with enormous capacity still available, traffic is flowing, and shuttles and Uber rides are still available at no cost. You don’t need to evacuate hundreds of miles but tens of miles to avoid deadly storm surge. Belongings can be replaced; your life cannot.  If you are not in a mandatory evacuation zone and choose to shelter in place, be prepared for power outages and make sure you operate your generator safely after the storm.  We have over 50,000 linemen and all the necessary equipment staged just outside of Milton’s path. This is the largest staging of power restoration linemen in Florida’s history, and they are ready to get to work restoring power as soon as the storm passes. Florida is grateful for them, and for all the first responders and emergency management professionals who are working around the clock to keep our communities safe. Thank you, @FHPTampa.   It is cruel for anyone to leave a dog tied to a post in the middle of an oncoming storm.  FL will hold anyone who mistreats pets accountable. Governor Ron DeSantis Visits Staging Site and Provides Update #8 on Hurricane Milton nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1BRJjwAjB… Ahead of Hurricane Milton’s landfall, I visited a logistics staging area in Lake City, one of many staging sites in strategic locations just outside the storm’s path. Thousands of state and local emergency personnel and over 50,000 linemen are now at sites like these across Florida. They are prepared to save lives and start restoring power as soon as the hurricane passes. We are grateful for all they are doing to help the people of our state, and we pray for their safety as they do their jobs. Tonight I joined CBS News to discuss Hurricane Milton. Governor DeSantis Provides Update #9 as Hurricane Milton is Making Landfall nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1kvKpbqVl… As Hurricane Milton makes landfall near Sarasota county, now is the time to shelter in place. First responders are staged and ready to go, as soon as weather conditions allow. Search and rescue efforts will be well underway to save lives before dawn, and they will continue for as long as it takes. Tonight I joined Special Report to discuss Hurricane Milton. Governor DeSantis Provides Update #10 Following Hurricane Milton nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1zqJVYNWE… Hurricane Milton made landfall in Sarasota County last night and moved quickly across central Florida, producing significant flooding, high winds, and destructive tornadoes. Search and rescue operations began overnight as soon as the storm passed and are ongoing. National Guard, State Guard, and Fish and Wildlife Commission personnel, as well as local law enforcement and first responders, are engaged in rescue missions throughout impacted areas. Over 3 million households are without power, but 635,996 accounts have already been restored as of 6:00 AM. More than 50,000 linemen are in Florida and working to restore power as efficiently and safely as possible. As you are surveying damage and cleaning up your property, be cautious of hazards like downed power lines and operate generators a safe distance from your house. FDOT is leading Cut and Toss operations to clear roadways, and 150 inspectors have begun performing inspections to ensure bridges can reopen safely in impacted areas. If you do not live in the area, do not attempt to travel to areas impacted by Hurricane Milton—keep the roadways clear for first responders, FDOT personnel, and utility vehicles. This morning, I joined CNBC to discuss Hurricane Milton. Governor DeSantis Holds a Media Availability in St. Lucie County Following Hurricane Milton nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1BdxYEdvl… We visited St. Lucie County to survey the damage from tornadoes caused by Hurricane Milton. We’re grateful for the first responders who staged in the area and were ready to save lives. So far, at least 25 people have been rescued from this tornado-damaged area. Search and rescue efforts are ongoing in storm-affected areas throughout Florida. These lifesaving operations will continue for as long as it takes. Governor DeSantis Holds a Press Conference in Sarasota Following Hurricane Milton nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1YpJklAnN… We toured damage in Sarasota County, including in Siesta Key where Hurricane Milton made landfall last night. With the full support of the state, and the pre-staging of over 50,000 linemen, utility companies and telecommunications providers are working hard to restore power and connectivity to these communities as quickly as possible. Florida is working closely with our local and federal partners, alongside businesses and charitable organizations, to make sure Floridians get the help they need to get back on their feet.  We are a resilient state, and I have no doubt that Siesta Key and all areas affected by Hurricanes Helene and Milton will bounce back. We are here for them every step of the way. Waffle Houses are starting to reopen in Sarasota! Thanks for having us and providing hot meals to Florida’s first responders and National Guard! Governor DeSantis Holds a Press Conference in St. Petersburg Following Hurricane Milton nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1jMKgBAEL… This morning, I visited St. Petersburg, which has weathered two major hurricanes—Helene and Milton—in the last two weeks. Since Hurricane Milton made landfall on Florida’s west coast Wednesday night, search and rescue teams have worked around the clock to successfully execute life-saving missions here on the west coast, as well as in parts of central and southeast Florida impacted by flooding and tornadoes. As of this morning, over 1600 people and over 140 pets have been rescued from floodwaters, rubble, or other hazards. The Florida National Guard, Florida law enforcement, and state Urban Search and Rescue teams continue to work on hundreds of missions with 31 rescue aircraft, 500 high-wheeled tactical vehicles, and over a dozen boats. We are grateful for their selfless dedication to saving lives.  Since the outer bands of Hurricane Milton left Florida yesterday afternoon, power has already been restored to 1.6 million households. Thousands of linemen are working hard around the clock to restore the remaining 2.4 million accounts as soon as possible.   FDOT began Cut and Toss operations yesterday morning. Crews have already cleared over 12,000 miles of state roads as of this morning; their mission is 96% complete. Bridge inspectors have conducted nearly 2,000 bridge inspections across storm-affected areas. Thanks to their efforts, people who live and do business in areas hit by Hurricane Milton can return home safely and without excessive delays.  As you start post-storm clean-up, follow @FLSERT recommendations to stay safe from hazards like downed power lines and standing water. Seniors and others who need assistance with debris clean-up, muck-and-gut, or other labor can call the Hope Florida line (1-833-GET-HOPE) for helpful resources at no cost to you. Governor DeSantis Holds a Media Availability in Bradenton Beach Following Hurricane Milton nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1RDGlyoqm… We visited Bradenton Beach, which sustained extensive damage from Hurricane Milton – right on the heels of Hurricane Helene. In the days after Helene, the state of Florida surged resources to Bradenton Beach to help clear debris and rebuild roadways that had been destroyed by the storm. The same efforts are already underway to help this community recover from Milton, and we are here to support the people of Bradenton Beach for as long as it takes to rebuild. Manasota Key suffered storm surge and strong winds. Portions of the main road on the island are unpassable. We have deployed Florida Highway Patrol with skid steers to help move sand off of the roadway, and will continue to fulfill emergency needs missions for Charlotte County.
 	CHP advising there getting calls that the #PostFire jumped the 5 freeway on the NB side.Resources enroute. Hesperia fire grows to 1,330 acres, prompting evacuation warnings abc7.la/3Rw26rV WILDFIRE SMOKE ADVISORY EXTENDED: #PostFire burning near #Castaic and #SantaClarita continues to affect our air quality: aqmd.gov/advisory 3RD ALARM BRUSH FIRE | FS130 | 80th Street West and Avenue K #Lancaster | #LACoFD crews are on scene of a 500 acre brush fire with structures threatened. #MaxFire More structure defense on W Avenue K on the #MaxFire in #Lancaster @LACoFireAirOps @LACOFD #BREAKING: ‘Max Fire’ fire raging in Lancaster, threatening hundreds of homes ktla.com/news/local-news/max… [Incident Update] #HesperiaFire IR flight took place during daylight hours and has remapped the fire at 1078 acres and 20% contained. Crews made good progress on control lines around Critical Infrastructure, 500KV Transmission Lines and Natural Gas Pipelines. Evacuation  Warnings remain in place for Arrowhead Equestrian Estates. Smoke will be visible in the area and drift will smoke be seen for miles. Crews will work throughout the night to continue containment areas. #HesperiaIC continues to be in unified command with @SBCOUNTYFIRE. #Postfire now at 14,625 acres with 2 % containment. *UPDATE* Forward progress has stopped on the #MaxFire. Gorman/Grapevine: Southbound Interstate 5 at Gorman CLOSED due to grass fire 🔥 Expect delays. @CaltransDist7  @CHPFortTejon Gusty winds are expected through Mon, bringing elevated to critical red flag fire weather with hot and dry conditions, especially for Santa Barbara Co and the interior.  Report any wildfires to authorities and avoid creating sparks. #firewx #cawx TRAFFIC ALERT: Due to the #PostFire, the Southbound I-5 is closed and all traffic will be rerouted to the 138 or 14 Freeway. Please plan for alternate routes. #headsup #PostFire Evening Update: The fire has increased to 14,625 acres with 2% containment. Firefighters are strategically fighting fire with fire by implementing the backfiring technique. For more information visit InciWeb: bit.ly/4c1gUXX #PostFire Evening Update  @CAL_FIRE @VCFD_PIO @LosPadresNF @Angeles_NF #PostFire 6/16/24 Evening Update For updated information, please follow @LACoFDPIO along with our unified command agencies.  along with: The LACounty.gov/Emergency webpage has also been activated to provide emergency information related to the #PostFire. Latest from the #PostFire: Post Incident update as of 7:00AM: The fire is still at 14,625 acres, and is currently 8% contained. A Red Flag Warning remains in effect in the area until at least 3:00PM today, but may be extended. Strong winds and hot weather are expected in SoCal on Monday,  elevating already dangerous fire conditions in areas already threatened by the #PostFire in Gorman. hometownstation.com/santa-cl… Latest update on #PostFire #PostFire Morning Update: The fire has increased to 15,610 acres with 8% containment. Firefighters are working on mopping up the north east and west side of the fire. Crews are also working on direct of the fire edge of the south west side of the fire: bit.ly/4c1gUXX #PostFire 6/17/24 A.M. Update For updated information, please follow @LACoFDPIO along with our unified command agencies.   The LACounty.gov/Emergency webpage has also been activated to provide emergency information related to the #PostFire. Smoke is starting to show once again this afternoon.  This is the #PostFire now reported at over 15,000 acres with only 8% containment. The #5fwy is open thru the area.  Our @knxpete is there with the latest @knxnews @ALERTCalifornia Resources for LA County residents 👇4/ ready.lacounty.gov/fire/ Resources for SB County residents 👇 5/5 sbcfire.org/readysetgofire/?… Wildfire season is here. It’s critical to have a plan in place today to keep you and your family safe. Visit readyforwildfire.org to learn more. 3/ A huge THANK YOU to our brave firefighters, who have been working around the clock to protect our communities from wildfires across SD 21. In regards to the #PostFire, my office continues to monitor the situation & will share the latest info as it becomes available. 1/ Please be sure to follow these accounts as well: @LACoFDPIO  @LACOFD  @Angeles_NF  @SCVSHERIFF  2/ #PostFire UPDATE: An Evacuation Order has been issued for the area south of Pyramid Lake. Leave the area (Including Oak Flats Campground) immediately. hometownstation.com/santa-cl… NA Day 1 of @NWS_IMET_OPS IMET dispatch on the #PostFire. Finally settled and looking at the forecast. Some NE winds Tuesday morning, shifting to NW in the afternoon. Much drier Tue with min RH in the 8-15% range.  RED FLAG WARNING continues til 6 PM Tue. #FireWx Post Incident Update as of 2:15 p.m.: An EVACUATION ORDER has been issued for the area south of Pyramid Lake, west of the 5-freeway, east of the County line, and just north of the Templin Highway. Anyone in the area including Oak Flats Campground should LEAVE NOW. Senator Scott Wilk is strongly encouraging residents to prepare their households and families for wildfires. hometownstation.com/santa-cl… NA
 	It was a pleasure to meet with Victorville Mayor Elizabeth Becerra, Mayor Pro-Tem Robert Harriman and City Manager Keith Metzler. Strengthening our community requires collaboration across all levels of government, and I am committed to continuing to support our local cities. San Antonio Heights #bridgefire  The evacuation WARNING ⚠️ has been lifted for the following area:  📍The communities of San Antonio Heights and Upland from the foothills south to 23rd Street and from the LA County line east to the city limits.  Clear to return home. 🏠  Please drive safe. Emergency personnel are still actively working in the area. Be cautious and obey all traffic laws. West 26th Street to Shinn Road #bridgefire  The evacuation ORDER 🚨has been downgraded to a WARNING ⚠️ for the following area:  📍 North of West 26th Street to Shinn Road and from the LA County line east to Cucamonga Canyon Downgraded evacuation WARNING ⚠️  Please drive safe. Emergency personnel are still actively working in the area. Be cautious and obey all traffic laws. Running Springs/Arrowbear Lake  The evacuation ORDER 🚨has been downgraded to a WARNING ⚠️ for the following area:  📍 Running Springs and Arrowbear Lake  Downgraded to an evacuation WARNING ⚠️   Please drive safe. Emergency personnel are still actively working in the area. Be cautious and obey all traffic laws.  🚫Hwy 330 remains closed to all traffic. Green Valley Lake  The evacuation ORDER 🚨has been downgraded to a WARNING ⚠️ for the following area:  📍 The community of Green Valley Lake  Downgraded to an evacuation WARNING ⚠️   Please drive safe. Emergency personnel are still actively working in the area. Be cautious and obey all traffic laws.  🚫Hwy 330 remains closed to all traffic. Forest Falls and Mountain Home Village   The evacuation ORDER 🚨has been downgraded to a WARNING ⚠️ for the following area:  📍 Forest Falls and Mountain Home Village  Downgraded to an evacuation WARNING ⚠️   Please drive safe. Emergency personnel are still actively working in the area. Be cautious and obey all traffic laws. Angelus Oaks & Seven Oaks  The evacuation ORDER 🚨has been downgraded to a WARNING ⚠️ for the following area:  📍Angelus Oaks, Seven Oaks and all campgrounds and cabins in the area  Downgraded to an evacuation WARNING ⚠️   Please drive safe. Emergency personnel are still actively working in the area. Be cautious and obey all traffic laws.
 	Where is @POTUS and @fema Director holding a press conference about efforts for the five states affected by this disastrous storm Helena?   And where is @POTUS’s efforts to work with port workers on delaying or stopping a port workers’ strike right after a natural disaster?” SCDOT is closely monitoring the conditions and potential for localized flooding following the storm – we want you to know that we will announce any major bridge or road closures on our website and social media platforms. Right now, there are no major closures anticipated. (1/3) SC's price gouging law is in effect. Price fluctuations are to be expected, but if you see a price you think is gouging, report it at scag.gov/price-gouging/ or by calling 803-737-3953. We'll need the name & address of the business, pics of the biz & price, & your contact info. 3 weather radio transmitters are down due to impacts from Helene. Rock Hill sustained a lightning strike, Greenville is without power, and Asheville is expected to be down once the fuel in the generator is depleted. Alternate transmitters can be found below. #ncwx #scwx #gawx FINDING FRIENDS & FAMILY AFTER #HELENE: If you need assistance locating or connecting with a loved one because of Hurricane Helene, the Red Cross may be able to help. Please fill out the form for the state where the person lives that you are looking for: rdcrss.org/3TQEqzT It is hard to put into words the gratitude we feel for our electric cooperatives, their linemen and the army of operations men and women that have worked around the clock since #HurricaneHelene struck South Carolina. My major disaster declaration request to provide federal aid to supplement state and local recovery efforts in response to Hurricane Helene has been approved. Read more here: governor.sc.gov/news/2024-09… 📷: Helicopter tree trimming supporting restoration in South Carolina 🚁 These saws generally use 8-10 blades to clear trees from transmission lines and are especially helpful during storm restoration. By utilizing helicopters, we can: South Carolina: Power outages updates (wyff4.com) ***TWO SUBSTATIONS REMAIN OFFLINE; 450 POLES BROKEN*** Two of the 13 substations that lost transmission service remain offline Monday due to severe damage. Overnight, Duke Energy made progress on the transmission lines that remain out and energize approximately 3,500 members serviced by the Cross Roads and Tygerville substations. Substations to the Bountyland, Corinth, Newry, Six Mile, Dacusville, Gap Hill, Enon, Landrum, Liberty, Marietta and Pleasant Ridge communities are online, but more work must be done for all members to have power. Now, broken poles must be replaced and lines hung to get power from these substations to homes. “We are moving in the right direction,” Senior Vice President of Engineering and Operations Mark Waters said. “This will be a slow process, but having service restored back to our substations is very important.” Field workers have confirmed over 450 broken poles across our five-county service area that spans 1,900 square miles. Blue Ridge replaced 180 new poles in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma in 2017 and 215 new poles in 2020 when an EF3 tornado hit Seneca and surrounding communities. On average, it takes a four-man crew about 3-4 hours to replace one broken pole. Replacing three poles over a 12-hour shift is a full day’s work for a single crew. Replacing four is a feat in these circumstances. These are not simple repairs. EMERGENCY SHELTERS Anderson County: Two medical needs shelters are open 24 hours a day. Call 1-855-472-3432 for more information. Oconee County: College Street Baptist at 401 S. College Street is staffed until Tuesday at this point. Pickens County: The American Red Cross has staffed a shelter at 325 Saco Lowell Road, located at Glenwood Baptist Church in Easley, which is open 24 hours a day. Showers with light to moderate rain are moving across the mountains. After coordination with NC geological survey, it is possible that additional runoff could result in the failure of unstable slopes in the aftermath of Helene.  More information: tinyurl.com/5d7kw582 #ncwx As of 11:59 p.m. on Sunday, Sept. 29, power has been restored for 95% of customers across the state, meaning those who were able to receive power were restored within 72 hours of Hurricane #Helene’s Category 4 landfall. spr.ly/6019UEPph. Earlier today, South Carolina President, Keller Kissam, joined the @cityofcolumbia to share updates on how our restoration work is progressing.​ Your patience and support is greatly appreciated as we work to restore power to your community.
 	#HOU: We've received reports of wires down as storms moved across our service area. Please assume all lines are energized and dangerous and stay at least 35 feet away. Never spray a sparking or burning wire with water and never attempt to remove tree limbs or any object from power lines. Report any potentially hazardous condition immediately at 713-207-2222. #HOU: We're experiencing an extremely high call volume after today's severe weather. Please keep the phone lines open for those reporting a hazardous condition, such as a downed or sparking wire. Our Power Alert Service® provides the most up-to-date outage updates as they become available and matches what our agents are able to provide. Enroll to receive alerts via text here: CenterPointEnergy.com/PowerA… Harris County State District Court resets and cancellations for Friday, 5/17/24. In response to the widespread power outage and weather damage, the HC State District Courts have made the decision to reset or cancel their dockets on 5/17/24. Court proceedings in these  1/3 Houston Tornado Update. Here is what you need to know:  🔌Power Outages: About 700k people mostly in the Houston area, are without power due to downed lines and damaged infrastructure.  ⛑️Safety First: If you see a downed power line, stay at least 35 feet away and call 911 immediately. Then notify CenterPoint at 713-207-2222. Your safety is our priority! 🌳Reporting Damage: Use the 311 app to report any damage or debris blocking access to roads or buildings. 📲Emergency Calls: For life-saving emergencies, call 911. Please contact our office at 713-926-6257 if you or a loved one is medically reliant on electricity. We will forward your information to city officials charged with supporting to get you to a safe place. Stay safe, Houston! Our first responders are working around the clock to address the aftermath of this powerful storm. Do You Need Help in a Disaster? Register for Assistance Online or by Phone:  tdem.texas.gov/stear/ Call 311 to report storm damage and debris in your area. Crews are making every effort to clear debris as fast as possible. Find more @houstontx disaster resources here:  houstontx.gov/311/ I will. Thanks. My team and I spent the day crisscrossing #SD6 in the wake of yesterday’s storm. We’ve been all over surveying damage and getting people connected with recovery resources. Continue to check my social media for resources and updates.
 	If you need assistance cleaning damages from Hurricane Helene, call Crisis Cleanup Hotline at 844-965-1386. Crisis Cleanup is a collaborative disaster work order management platform that improves coordination, improves efficiency, and improves volunteers' experience. ⚠️ Update on Estimated Restoration Times ⚠️ As of Saturday evening, Georgia Power has restored power to 520,000+ customers following the devastating impact of Hurricane Helene. Our crews continue to navigate treacherous conditions including extensive tree damage, widespread flooding and many road closures. As the first full day of restoration progressed today, we have determined that Hurricane Helene was the most destructive hurricane in Georgia Power history, damaging infrastructure across the state. We also understand the importance of Estimated Restoration Times (ERTs) for you and your families - we have been working as quickly as possible to generate timelines and keep you informed. These ERTs are not a guess, but represent the most accurate estimate that we can make based on our in the field assessments. We will make every effort to beat these estimates and return power sooner than expected. New ERTs are now available for areas including Athens, Augusta, Brunswick, Clayton, Cornelia, Dublin, Gainesville, Hartwell, Hinesville, Macon, Madison, Milledgeville, Savannah, Springfield, Statesboro, Thomson, Tifton, Valdosta, Vidalia, Waycross and Waynesboro. ERTs represent the company’s expectation for 95% power restoration in the specified area. As we anticipated and announced before the arrival of the storm, restoration efforts will take multiple days into this next week. We know extended outages are inconvenient, and we truly appreciate your understanding  as thousands of our team members work around the clock. Please visit our Outage Map for the latest update on our restoration process, including ERTs. We will continue to update the Outage Map, and our customers on social.
 	Reminder: please call 311 for debris blocking the road! There are several power lines down in our area. Please avoid driving if possible or use caution on roads blocked by debris or fallen branches. Crews are working to make roads safe for travel and we are working to assess the damage. Please follow readyharris.org/About for important updates. BREAKING | Because of widespread damage across the city of Houston, HISD is canceling classes tomorrow.  Storm coverage: khou.com/article/weather/hou… #HOU A fast moving but severe weather system has caused widespread power outages across the service area. As a result, outage updates via Outage Tracker and Power Alert Service® as well as our ability to provide estimated restoration times may be delayed or unavailable. They are still the best way to receive the most up-to-date information as it becomes available and we appreciate your patience as we work to restore service. STAY CAUTIOUS while driving. Visit the Houston TranStar to access their traffic map at traffic.houstontranstar.org/… and remember to treat a traffic light outage as a 4-way stop. #KnowBeforeYouGo Please do not drive in Downtown Houston tonight, or for that matter, anywhere else in the region that sustained storm damage. Widespread debris, glass and electrical lines are in the streets.  Follow local news media and emergency management officials recommendations. In a disaster like this, it can be hard to get through on the phones. 311 has an online portal that makes it easy to report downed trees and other hazards.  VISIT THE 311 PORTAL: houston311.powerappsportals.… Please follow emergency management officials’ guidance to stay home and avoid the roads. My team and I will communicate updates as we have them. Take care and stay safe. Take extra precautions this morning when inspecting your home. Stay safe and see tips below. 🔽 CenterPoint Energy warned customers to “be prepared for extended weather-related power outages.” Their statement: khou.com/article/weather/whe… Outage tracker: khou.com/article/news/local/… This afternoon, @houmayor Whitmire has signed a Declaration Proclaiming a Local State of Disaster for the City of Houston. This creates a path for additional authority and resources from both state snd federal partners to assist with citywide storm recovery. Take care and stay safe.
 	𝐑𝐄𝐎𝐏𝐄𝐍𝐄𝐃 The John Ringling Causeway Bridge is now open to St. Armands Key and Lido Key residents and business owners.  Please be aware: Access to Longboat Key remains limited to emergency responders and damage assessment teams. Conditions at Siesta Key as of 2 p.m., Sept. 28. If you do not have a home or business on the island, please avoid the area as county crews and law enforcement continue to make their assessments. #HurricaneHelene #SRQCounty Today I visited St. Armand’s and Lido Key to survey the devastation caused by Hurricane Helene. The damage is heartbreaking. May everything they lost be restored double.  These coastal communities suffered from record storm surge and are in full recovery mode. We have been in close contact with FEMA and will be providing guidance on next steps for Sarasota, Charlotte, and Lee residents who need help. Please do not hesitate to call my office or visit Steube.house.gov/hurricane to help you navigate the aftermath of the storm. Sarasota County Points of Distribution are open. There are four supply locations in Sarasota County for community members impacted by Hurricane Helene. The following locations will be open today through Monday, Sept. 28 - 30, 7 a.m. - 7 p.m. or while supplies last: (1/4) We will be distributing MREs, tarps, and water at three locations on Sunday, Sept. 29 from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., while supplies last: 📍 Port Charlotte Town Center Mall (Macy's parking lot) 📍 Tringali Park Community Center, Englewood 📍 South County Regional Park, Punta Gorda ‼️After urging from my office, the White House approved a Major Disaster Declaration for Florida. Residents of Sarasota, Charlotte, and Lee counties who were impacted by Helene are eligible to Apply for FEMA Individual Assistance.   3 ways to apply:  1) DisasterAssistance.gov 2) Calling 800-621-FEMA (3362) 3) FEMA App After 24 hours of FDOT initiating emergency repair contracts, Longboat Key is open to residents starting at 1pm today! Please access Longboat Key from the south entrance only. FDOT emergency road repairs are ongoing in Bradenton Beach and Longboat Pass Bridge is still closed.
 	REMINDER: There are still hundreds of #Helene-related road issues and travel in Western NC should be for emergencies only.  ⚠️ I-40 remains impassable in multiple locations.  I-26 is closed at the Tennessee state line. ➡️ DriveNC.gov for detailed road info. Henderson County: Free water, supplies, debris removal information  wyff4.com/article/henderson-… If you or someone you know is dealing with storm damage from #Helene, this article provides a lot of helpful information about what to do and where to turn for help. theassemblync.com/environmen… #NC11 Hurricane Helene Update: Major updates today include a timeline for the restoration of service for most NC-11 Duke Energy customers, over 150 more roads have been cleared, and more resources are en route to WNC to make sure we’ll continue to have access to food and water over the coming days. edwards.house.gov/media/pres… Amy Kate and I are praying for the families of these deputies. They are heroes in the truest sense. We will never forget their sacrifice. Our Reunification teams are working as quickly as possible to help families reconnect with their loved ones after Hurricane Helene. If you're searching for a family member affected by the storm, please complete the form at this link for the state where they live: rdcrss.org/3TSmO6K Please provide as much detail as you can – the more you provide, the better we can assist. We know this is a difficult and emotional time, and we’re here to support you every step of the way. ❤️ #Helene Drinking water will be distributed from Pack Square Park (70 Court Plaza) beginning at 1 p.m. until dark or when the supply runs out.  Each person will be provided 1 gallon of water, with a maximum of 5 gallons per family.  EACH PERSON MUST BRING THEIR OWN CONTAINER. Buncombe County will start distributing water starting at 2 p.m. today. A one-day supply of water will be available for each individual. Locations: William W. Estes Elementary School, Sand Hill Elementary, North Windy Ridge Intermediate School and Fairview Elementary School. HENDERSON COUNTY: The county has set up several locations for anyone who needs food and bottled water. The people of Western North Carolina are facing one of the worst disasters in our state’s history, and more needs to be done to help those in need. I am traveling to Western NC tomorrow to receive an operational review of the recovery effort. budd.senate.gov/2024/09/30/b… Our hearts are with the people of Western North Carolina as we pray for safety, healing, and recovery. We eagerly await the days of rebuilding and restoring our mountain community. Until that day, we have compiled a thread of resources from the WNC federal delegation:
 	Severe flooding has washed away roadways and has possibly placed infrastructure at risk in East Tennessee. Please use extreme caution if you must travel. We stand with these communities and our partners as we continue to work together to get through this traumatic time. TEMA is working with local officials to assess damages, deploy resources, and ensure life safety needs are met.   Counties have reported water utilities with operational issues and there are several shelters open in East Tennessee.  Flash Report #3: tn.gov/tema/news/2024/9/27/f… Great news! 🚨Cocke, Greene and Hamblen. Find your loved ones and neighbors.   Lots of help is on the way.   From places like  @Walmart, @TWRF_OFFICIAL, @Lowes,  Local EMS from TN communities,  @fema @GovBillLee, @CSexton25 Mayor, Rob Mathis, @OleSmoky Distillery, volunteers from everywhere and many more.   II Cor 4:8,9 8 We are pressed on every side by troubles, but we are not crushed. We are perplexed, but not driven to despair. 9 We are hunted down, but never abandoned by God. We get knocked down, but we are not destroyed. We’re going to rebuild.  We’re going to make it. We’re going to come back stronger. Love y’all! #CockecountyStrong Thank you, Lord!! All donations and volunteers in Cocke County, who have been some of the hardest hit in East TN by Hurricane Helene, are being directed to the old Walmart building at 613 West Broadway, Newport, TN 37821. NEWS ALERT: We've established a hotline for the public needing to report a missing person in the ongoing East Tennessee flood emergency: 1-800-TBI-FIND. MORE DETAILS: tbinewsroom.com/2024/09/28/t… #TNFloods #Helene Update on conditions in Knox County: we do not expect widespread flooding, but could see some localized issues. Please stay updated. If you see standing water on the road, TURN AROUND, DON'T DROWN. #HELENE HOTLINE: @TBInvestigation has established a hotline to coordinate reports of missing persons in the areas affected by the recent flooding in Northeast Tennessee.  Callers should be prepared to relay as much identifying information as possible, including: names, phone numbers, vehicle identification, and last known whereabouts.  Please DO NOT call this hotline to inquire about the status of personal properties in the affected areas. ⚠️(Nolichucky Condition Update)⚠️ Water levels continue to fall at Nolichucky Dam in Greene Co., TN, and after a thorough review by our Dam Safety team, we have determined the dam is stable and secure. We are notifying local emergency management agencies that we are transitioning to an advanced monitoring mode of the dam and exiting the emergency condition. This afternoon, @MariaLeeTN & I toured East TN storm & flood damage with members of the federal delegation & @TennesseeEMA. We thank members of @TNHighwayPatrol, @myTDOT, @TNCommerceInsur & first responders who have begun recovery efforts & are working to keep Tennesseans safe. #HELENE HOTLINE: Call the TBI Hotline to report a missing person in the areas affected by recent flooding in Northeast Tennessee.  Mobile networks can become overwhelmed during an emergency, so please try to text those individuals. You can review resources - including open shelters, donation information, and recovery updates from partners agencies - on our website.    We add all Flash Reports, news releases, and updates related to the flooding event from #Helene on tn.gov/tema/updates/hurrican… Please consider donating below to support our neighbors in upper East TN who have been devastated by yesterdays rain and subsequent flooding.   All money donated will go to supporting Tennesseans. Please work through local officials and TEMA. A true statesman.  Blessings to the Dunn family as they mourn and at the same time celebrate a life well lived. How we can help our neighbors in Cocke County…👇🏻 Thank you @myTDOT! . @myTDOT has provided a map with I40 and state route closures. Crossroads Community Church is taking donations to support Cocke County.   Got to other and designate the funds for disaster discovery.   crossroadsnewport.com/give/
 	The devastation across Western North Carolina is incomprehensible. While the most important thing now is saving lives, communities impacted should know your members of Congress are ready to work together to secure federal long-term recovery assistance and do everything we can to make you whole again. As of this morning, over 400 roads remain closed in NC. All roads in Western NC should be considered closed.  Remember: As crews work to clear and inspect roads and bridges, please give them room.  Go to DriveNC.gov for the latest road information. Crisis Cleanup has issued the phone number available for folks to call for assistance with debris cleanup from Hurricane Helene. Call (844) 965-1386. All services are free, but service is not guaranteed. This hotline will remain open through Friday, October 11, 2024. Floodwaters can hide debris, bacteria, hazardous waste, & downed powerlines that can electrically charge the water. Turn Around, Don't Drown! Find more tips: ready.gov/floods My staff and I have heard from hundreds of North Carolinians who are having issues communicating with loved ones affected by the flooding. We are in contact with state and local officials as well as cellphone and internet providers who are working to restore signals in Western North Carolina as soon as possible. 🚨 Important information from @fema: To report a missing child during a disaster, contact the @NCMEC, which operates the National Emergency Child Locater Center at 1-800-843-5678. Anyone who finds a child who is separated from their parents or legal caregivers should first contact the local police. In addition, individuals can use the Unaccompanied Minors Registry to enter basic information for the child, which should ideally include a recent photo. No matter how you report, please indicate to NCMEC if the missing child has a disability or access or functional need. 🚨 REMINDER: 𝘼𝙇𝙇 𝙍𝙊𝘼𝘿𝙎 in Western North Carolina should be considered 𝘾𝙇𝙊𝙎𝙀𝘿. I-40 and I-26 are impassable in multiple locations. ⚠️ Travel in this area for non-emergency purposes is hindering needed emergency response. #ncwx #Helene Leave roads in western NC open for emergency vehicles and rescue crews. Last night, NC’s full Congressional delegation came together to urge President Biden to quickly approve the Governor’s request for a major disaster declaration. We hope it is expeditiously granted and we’ll continue to work on a bipartisan basis to help WNC recover and rebuild. Hurricane Helene Resources 🌀 As the full scope of the damage left by Hurricane Helene becomes clear, here's what you need to know about Red Cross services and how to get help.   If you're experiencing a life-threatening emergency, please call 911.    • How is the Red Cross helping?   Over 500 trained disaster workers are providing comfort and relief to those affected in the Southeast by Hurricane Helene, with hundreds more on their way. Once it is safe to do so, our teams will travel through affected communities to assess damage, provide meals, and distribute relief supplies. Right now, our priority is meeting the urgent needs of those affected by providing safe shelter, food, emotional support and health services. • How can I find a missing loved one? Please call 1-800-RED CROSS (1-800-733-2767) and provide as much detail as possible to assist us in potentially locating your missing loved one. Note that there will be longer wait times due to increased call volume. Wellness checks are performed by your local emergency officials. Please contact their non-emergency number for assistance.   Many areas remain inaccessible. If you need assistance, please consider coming to a shelter. You can find open shelters by visiting redcross.org or downloading the Red Cross Emergency app. • Does the Red Cross rescue stranded people? In the immediate aftermath of a disaster, we focus on providing safe shelter, food, emotional support and first aid. We do not have the expertise to provide search and rescue services. If you're in an emergency, please get to a safe place and dial 911 to connect with trained professionals who can help. • How can I get assistance? Please download the Red Cross Emergency app. Our resources are here to guide you through your recovery. If you’re unable to access the information you need, call 1-800-RED CROSS, but please keep in mind that you will experience longer wait times due to increased call volume after this disaster. • How can I stay updated? For information and updates on local Red Cross services, follow these accounts on social media: @RedCross_NC @RedCrossSC @GARedCross @RedCrossNFL @RedCrossCFL @RedCrossTN • How can I help? There are three things you can do right now to help people affected:  • Make a financial donation to ensure people receive the help they need and don’t face this difficult time alone: rdcrss.org/3Bmmwyp • Schedule an appointment to donate blood and ensure lifesaving blood is available for hospital patients in need: rdcrss.org/4eKAhpf • Sign up to volunteer with us so that you can help people affected by disasters like Helene: rdcrss.org/4dnFeTF   Helping people across the Southeast recover from this devastating situation is a team effort — no one entity can do this alone, and we’re working around the clock with partners to ensure people's immediate needs are being met. PLEASE SHARE: Buncombe County officials provide information to those trying to make contact with someone within the county. The form can be filled out by anyone inside or outside of the county. bit.ly/3ZJEOns Because the storm caused widespread power outages and impacted cell service, a phone call may not get through. But there are other options.  📱 Use Facebook's Crisis Response to mark yourself as safe. ✉️ Send a message via text or email. 📞 Connect with NC211 or the Red Cross. Because the storm caused widespread power outages and impacted cell service, a phone call may not get through. But there are other options.  📱 Use Facebook's Crisis Response to mark yourself as safe.  ✉️ Send a message via text or email.  📞 Connect with NC211 or the Red Cross. President Joe Biden approved major disaster declaration for North Carolina North Carolina: For non-life-threatening needs or wellness checks, please call 211. More state & local resources ⤵️ Follow debris removal guidelines when cleaning up after #Helene: - Sort all your debris wisely so it can be taken away quickly and safely.  - Don't lift anything by yourself if it's heavy. - Never place trash near trees, structures or downed powerlines ⬇️⬇️⬇️ NEW INFO: The Fresh Market will distribute free bottled water at its Asheville locations:  - The Fresh Market parking lot at 944 Merrimon Ave, Asheville, N.C. - The Fresh Market parking lot at 1378 Hendersonville, Rd, Ashville, N.C.  bit.ly/3ZJEOns Entire communities in Western North Carolina have no power, no cell service, and remain in severe danger from flooding. First responders doing the best they can with what they have, but the devastation is incomprehensible. WNC needs all the help it can get and it needs it now.
 	🚨 Important alert from the Black Mountain Police Department has been updated. REMINDER: There are still hundreds of #Helene-related road issues and travel in Western NC should be for emergencies only.  ⚠️ I-40 remains impassable in multiple locations.  I-26 is closed at the Tennessee state line. ➡️ DriveNC.gov for detailed road info. Henderson County: Free water, supplies, debris removal information  wyff4.com/article/henderson-… 🚨Happening soon via @Queen_City_News  @HarrisTeeter is providing free bottled water and ice to residents in Boone and Asheville, following the devastation from Hurricane Helene. Free water distribution starts at 10 a.m. at the following locations: 🛒Shops at Shadowline – 240 Shadowline Drive, Boone, N.C. 🛒Village at Chestnut Street – 136 Merrimon Avenue, Asheville, N.C. Distribution will continue while supplies last. Community members will receive a 24-pack of bottled water and bags of ice, limited to two per household. Water Availability - A water tanker will be stationed at the Canton Plaza (off New Clyde Highway) from 8 AM to 6 PM for those in need of water. Please bring your own containers. Limit: 1 gallon per person per day. Conserve Water - Conserve water during this time. If you or someone you know is dealing with storm damage from #Helene, this article provides a lot of helpful information about what to do and where to turn for help. theassemblync.com/environmen… Susan and I extend our deepest sympathies to the families of these brave deputies. North Carolina will never forget their service and ultimate sacrifice to help North Carolinians in need during Helene. #NC11 Hurricane Helene Update: Major updates today include a timeline for the restoration of service for most NC-11 Duke Energy customers, over 150 more roads have been cleared, and more resources are en route to WNC to make sure we’ll continue to have access to food and water over the coming days. edwards.house.gov/media/pres… Our Reunification teams are working as quickly as possible to help families reconnect with their loved ones after Hurricane Helene. If you're searching for a family member affected by the storm, please complete the form at this link for the state where they live: rdcrss.org/3TSmO6K Please provide as much detail as you can – the more you provide, the better we can assist. We know this is a difficult and emotional time, and we’re here to support you every step of the way. ❤️ #Helene Drinking water will be distributed from Pack Square Park (70 Court Plaza) beginning at 1 p.m. until dark or when the supply runs out.  Each person will be provided 1 gallon of water, with a maximum of 5 gallons per family.  EACH PERSON MUST BRING THEIR OWN CONTAINER. Buncombe County will start distributing water starting at 2 p.m. today. A one-day supply of water will be available for each individual. Locations: William W. Estes Elementary School, Sand Hill Elementary, North Windy Ridge Intermediate School and Fairview Elementary School. Flood waters can be dangerous. Following #Helene, many areas in #WNC are still unsafe to return to. Check with local emergency management teams and officials to ensure it is safe. Visit ncdps.gov/helene for resources and information. #HeleneNC We’ve seen first responders and volunteers from all over answer the call to help WNC. We must continue working together to help our fellow North Carolinians in need. The top priority now is saving lives. Then the work begins to secure federal funding for the long-term recovery process. Many families and communities will need to be made whole again. United, we are #NorthCarolinaStrong.
 	After last night’s storms, we  have many street lines with dangerous damage, so stay home. 2K mutual assistance crews have been requested to get power lines back up for over 900k outages There is infrastructure system damage and 290 has a transmission line down across it. CenterPoint Energy urges customers to stay at least 35 feet away from downed power lines and damaged electric utility equipment. DO NOT TRY TO MOVE ANYTHING AROUND A POWERLINE - it is extremely dangerous. Report Damage at (713) 207-2222. Call 911 for emergencies. We will continue to provide updates in the coming days. For the latest information on power outages: Visit CenterPointEnergy.com/StormC… for electric and natural gas safety tips and other resources. Anyone without air-conditioning can seek relief at any of the following city locations designated as cooling centers.  Those needing transportation to a designated cooling center can contact  3-1-1 to request a free ride.  Up-to-date information on @HoustonTX @HouMayor
 	I don’t know how to put today into words, but ultimately I love our community.  With one simple post, 7 people on oxygen have generators tonight, ice was delivered, gas was delivered, batteries were delivered, driveways were cleared, wellness checks were had, propane tankers arrived, & senior living centers got power.  Help was offered from Easley to Charleston to Louisiana to Virginia. This is just a sample of dozens & dozens of texts.  I’m going to leave out people, I apologize. But thank you Robbie Lake, Briana Hendricks, Brandon East, Mike Doran, Tom McKinney, Dee Pearson, Parker Lawton, Travis Hall, Julian Barker, Carrie Childers, Heather Mitchell, Jen King Feauve, Dan Bracken, Rebecca Austin, Earthworks Unlimited, Blue Ridge Electric Cooperative, Inc., Easley Combined Utilities, Duke Energy, Andy Sevic, Grayson A. Kelly, Trent Acker, Davey Hiott, & many others. Good morning, Easley. Half are still without power. What needs do we have today? If you need a shower, ice, food, charging stations, you’ve got a community willing to help. Texting is the best way to reach me. 864-350-4175. I’m caught up on it. A post may fall through the cracks. Piedmont Baptist Association churches & the Easley YMCA offering meals, charging stations, food, laundry, tree removal, etc. Information in graphics. Thank y’all! NA 2/2  Blue Ridge Update Two of the 13 substations that lost transmission service remain offline Monday due to severe damage. Overnight, Duke Energy made progress on the transmission lines that remain out and energize approximately 3,500 members serviced by the Cross Roads and Tygerville substations. Substations to the Bountyland, Corinth, Newry, Six Mile, Dacusville, Gap Hill, Enon, Landrum, Liberty, Marietta and Pleasant Ridge communities are online, but more work must be done for all members to have power. Now, broken poles must be replaced and lines hung to get power from these substations to homes. “We are moving in the right direction,” Senior Vice President of Engineering and Operations Mark Waters said. “This will be a slow process, but having service restored back to our substations is very important.” Field workers have confirmed over 450 broken poles across our five-county service area that spans 1,900 square miles. Blue Ridge replaced 180 new poles in the aftermath of Hurricane Irma in 2017 and 215 new poles in 2020 when an EF3 tornado hit Seneca and surrounding communities. On average, it takes a four-man crew about 3-4 hours to replace one broken pole. Replacing three poles over a 12-hour shift is a full day’s work for a single crew. Replacing four is a feat in these circumstances. These are not simple repairs. Thank you for reiterating to your audiences and constituents that this damage is unlike any we have ever seen in the Upstate. EMERGENCY SHELTER Pickens County: The American Red Cross has staffed a shelter at 325 Saco Lowell Road, located at Glenwood Baptist Church in Easley, which is open 24 hours a day. Personal Another amazing day for the community. 4 generators were loaned to families in need, 2 large families had their shelves stocked thanks to 5 Point Church, ice delivered, gas delivered, trees blocking driveways removed thanks to Easley Fire Department, dinner was delivered. I’ll leave out people. Starting to see double but thank you to at least the following people: Lawson Clary, Ken Roper, Andy Sevic, Matthew Lusk, Parker Lawton, Nicole Hartman, Dan Bracken, Easley Combined Utilities, Trent Acker, Grayson A. Kelly, Blue Ridge Electric Cooperative, Inc., Duke Energy, Denni Clardy Alexander, Jason Elliott, Adam Brumfield, Tommy Underwood, Ashley Baker, Chris Jordan, Danny Merck, Josh Anderson, Brad Owen, Nick Rainey, Melanie Dodd Barton, etc. 1/2 7pm Update (Please read provider updates separately) Duke Energy: Workers are navigating unprecedented destruction and challenging conditions in the Upstate South Carolina and western North Carolina communities devastated by Helene.   We’re beyond grateful to the state and local government workers who have been on the job 24/7 to clear debris, reopen roadways and help those whose lives have been changed forever by this storm.  Our thousands of lineworkers and other storm workers are gaining better access to the destruction – allowing them to remove trees, broken poles and downed power lines, log each piece of damaged electrical equipment and begin repairing and rebuilding major portions of the power grid that were simply wiped away.  Duke Energy focuses on restoring power in a sequence that enables power restoration to public health and safety facilities and to the greatest number of customers as safely and quickly as possible.    As of 4 p.m.:  In South Carolina:  Duke Energy restored nearly 442,000 customer outages; about 443,000 customers in the Upstate remain without power.  Duke Energy expects to restore the majority of the remaining 443,000 customer outages by Friday night.  Power restoration may take longer in areas that continue to be inaccessible, dependent on infrastructure that has been destroyed or are unable to receive service.  Links and resources:   Outage Map: duke-energy.com/outages  Outage Alerts: duke-energy.com/outages/aler…  Generator safety: duke-energy.com/outages/gene….  Power restoration process: duke-energy.com/outages/rest…  Activities underway:  66 lines, 82 substations and 29 Points of Delivery (POD) remain out in Upstate SC.  PODs Still Out   Laurens Electric – 12  Broad River – 7  Blue Ridge – 1 in SC, 1 in NC  Easley – 1  Greenwood – 1  Little River – 1  Ware Shoals – 1  Lockhart Power – 2  SCE&G – 1  Based on statistical damage assessment modeling we project 6,000 poles and 30,000 spans of primary are damaged.  Easley Combined Update: Monday 1:50pm: Please understand that many people will continue to be without power for several more days. We are making progress, but it’s tough!  Updates:  1. Today the following areas (not all of the taps and services) have been energized: North D/Beverly, Meadow Ridge Area, Burns Ave/Mae/Creekside Village Apartments, much of McKissick circuit, and some taps in various areas.  2. Still working on Springfield Plantation area, Crosswell Acres/Kay Dr/Crest/Hinton Rd areas, McKissic Circuit, Dacusville Circuit, Wallace area, North E Main, and West 7th (this is not all of the areas)  3. Substation 5 is still off line, but we were to able to move some load to energize much of the Mckissick Circuit (temporarily until Duke energizes the Station). Still believe that Duke will be able to energize that Substation in the next 24 hours. We will update more in when we have more information …
 	Many of us are multi generational Floridians and the terms Panhandle and Big Bend have become very familiar.  For those of you who may be new to the area, there are several warnings/messages that refer to these areas which can be confusing. Here is a map that should help clarify. From the Florida Division of Emergency Management: 🌀 Prepare your livestock for any effects ahead of Tropical Storm #Helene & use the tips below to help guide you! Find more preparedness info & storm resources at FloridaDisaster.org/Updates. I just left Franklin County, and I have one message: listen to law enforcement and EVACUATE.  We are now expecting #Helene to be a CAT 4 storm at landfall with DEADLY STORM SURGE…up to 20ft of storm surge in the Big Bend. You can’t survive storm surge. 20ft is unimaginable and will KILL YOU. If law enforcement is advising you to get out, listen to them. The team here in Franklin County is doing everything they can to keep families safe, but every Floridian needs to do their part.
 	#HOU: We've received reports of wires down as storms moved across our service area. Please assume all lines are energized and dangerous and stay at least 35 feet away. Never spray a sparking or burning wire with water and never attempt to remove tree limbs or any object from power lines. Report any potentially hazardous condition immediately at 713-207-2222. ATTENTION PISD -    Due to the severe weather that impacted most of Harris County, Pasadena ISD will be officially closed tomorrow, Friday, May 17, 2024. After consulting with local and regional weather agencies, we were advised to close in the interest of everyone’s safety. 5:50 AM UPDATE | According to CenterPoint's Outage Tracker, there are more than 730,000 customers without power after Thursday's storms. Check the outage tracker here: khou.com/article/news/local/… #Houston-area electric customers: yesterday's strong storm system brought winds topping 85 miles per hour, causing significant damage to company's electric system. Learn more about our restoration efforts: centerpointenergy.com/en-us/… #houwx #hounews 
 Topic 10: 
 	 Located at 88 Pleasant Street in Columbian Square in Weymouth, this is their 3rd location, with their other two restaurants located in Hingham.  Congratulations to George, Simon, and their family, friends, and staff on this amazing accomplishment. Best of luck! cutting, I presented EuroMart with an official Senate Citation to commemorate their new business. The ribbon cutting was followed by a celebration in the store with On Friday, I was happy to attend the ribbon cutting and grand opening of EuroMart in Weymouth. I was joined by Mayor Bob Hedlund and Weymouth Town Council President Mike Molisse to share in the celebration. Before the ribbon
 	I had the opportunity to attend the New York State Fair and witness the cooking talents of my colleague Senator Joe Griffo. Thank you to everyone especially thank you to our State Police and other First Responders for providing the safety and well being to all attendees. Thank you to the Town of Marcy-Parks and Recreation Director Nick Schmidt and his team for another amazing family night at the park!  The local delicious food vendors, Stittville Fire Department, music, zoo mobile, and children events were fantastic!
 	We are thrilled to see this groundbreaking in #MadisonCountyFL on the new fire station! A big thank you to Senator Corey Simon @csime90 and Rep. @AllisonTantFL for their amazing work as the Madison County Legislative Delegation and @GovRonDeSantis for approving!#GreatClients Sending you love. Terrific night at the the \"house party\"  at Dana Brooks' office: @FasigBrooks last night!  I am grateful for decades of involvement together, friendship and for the support of so many friends! And thx to Dana Brooks for hosting! Terrific morning honoring the service of former Mayor John Marks.  I loved seeing so many friends! Followed by a wonderful, uplifting lunch with truly special people. Team Tant is canvassing in the morning!  We're meeting up at waverly at 9:30a tomorrow!  Join us!
 	Thank you, Ron Sharpe, and the incredible team at The Arc of the Bay St. Andrew Bay Center for hosting me this week. I was truly inspired by the tour and the update on the incredible work being done at The Arc of The Bay / St. Andrew Bay Center.  I am honored to advocate for your organization at the state level. Your dedication to empowering individuals and fostering inclusion is commendable, and I’m grateful for the opportunity to witness it firsthand. Keep up the great work!
 	So we finally found out his red line is watersports? Thank you to the City of Portsmouth for this incredible honor.  The arrow is pointing towards progress. It was a great day in the City of Portsmouth, as my friend and former colleague @SenLouiseLucas celebrated the Street Naming Ceremony for L. Louise Lucas Drive Enjoyed celebrating @SenLouiseLucas’ special day at her Street Naming Celebration Dinner Congrats to my Senator and my Soror, @SenLouiseLucas! Having a street named after you is such a prestigious honor. Well done 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 Congratulations to our President Pro Temp of the Senate, @SenLouiseLucas! What an honor!
 	Senator @senatormccray visited Ms. Bridgeforth's first-grade class at City Neighbors Charter School and was interviewed for their Hometown Heroes Project. First-grade students are learning about community helpers and how to be the best neighbors possible. Honored to join the Elder Safety Gathering at Middle Branch Rec Center in Cherry Hill, thanks to the incredible work of the Youth Resiliency Institute. Fannon & Navasha embody friendship, mentorship, and community. Proud to see their impact on Baltimore. #IntentionallyFocused
 	Thanks @MemphisFB, @Blake__Moore,  and @BakerParrish_ for the game invite! I will be there this Saturday! @hoyafbrecruit @hhshoyafootball @RecruitGeorgia @NEGARecruits @CJacksonPRZ @RecruitNE_GA @NwGaFootball @CoachDaniels06 @najehwilk @RustyMansell_ @JohnGarcia_Jr @ChadSimmons_ @MacCorleone74 @MattDeBary @SoutheastElite_ Thanks Army for the love! @ArmyWP_Football @ZGold_WP @CoachASmith3 @GoArmyWestPoint  @RecruitGeorgia @NwGaFootball @hoyafbrecruit @hhshoyafootball @NEGARecruits
 	Thanks @GeorgiaTechFB and @Coach_KPope for the game day invite. It was a great game! @hoyafbrecruit @hhshoyafootball @RecruitGeorgia @NEGARecruits @CJacksonPRZ @RecruitNE_GA @NwGaFootball @CoachDaniels06 @najehwilk @RustyMansell_ @JohnGarcia_Jr @ChadSimmons_ @MacCorleone74 @MattDeBary @SoutheastElite_ @Ga_Gridiron
 	It was another great fall weekend in the 30th District! I was honored to attend the ribbon cutting for a new business in Brookfield, Gymnastics Revolution. I also enjoyed attending Riverfest in New Milford, where I connected with local community members and small businesses.
 	Today I had the honor of attending the ribbon cutting of the Thomas Cole National Historic Site Visitor Center. The Cole Center will welcome tourists and locals alike, showcasing its rich history. Thank you to @GovKathyHochul for her support for this great new addition to the site. Happy National Intern Day to all of our DASNY interns! Today the DASNY interns toured an ongoing project with our President @DASNY_President and members of our construction team. All of our interns bring so much value to their teams. Thank you for your hard work and dedication!
 	Thank you @OKDDC Youth Leadership Forum for teaching young people the importance of advocacy, leadership, and community involvement. Everyone did an amazing job!  It was nice to be joined by Rep. Hefner, Rep. Miller, and Rep. Pae as well!
 	We had a Wing Dang Doodle of a good time today at the 2024 Wing Dang Doodle Festival catching up and hanging out with friends in Forest. Thanks to everyone that came out to enjoy all the festivities and special thank you to those that stopped by to sample our wings 🐓🍗
 	Today, Councilmember McDuffie honored Ransom Miller at the 30th anniversary of the annual @ProjectGiveBack Thanksgiving Food distribution. This year’s goal is 5,000 food baskets to underprivileged families in the DC Metropolitan area. A heartfelt thank you to Ransom and all the incredible volunteers who show up year after year, making a meaningful impact in our community. Together, we’re making a difference! Honoring a true leader and dedicated public servant at the Ward 7 Champions of Change Awards! Vincent C. Gray's legacy continues to inspire, as his unwavering commitment to our community has left a lasting impact. Congratulations on receiving the Legacy Award.
 	🇺🇸🇮🇹Great food and folks at the Italian Festa at the Schenectady Sons and Daughters of Italy Lodge #321! Got to the Stillwater Family Day to make sure that I got my popcorn for my Saturday streaming movie night! 😂Thanks to the Town, ogranizers, vendors and volunteers! My op-ed in today’s Saratogian: Time for Justice for NYS COVID Nursing Home Deaths What a busy and rewarding weekend it’s been in the 44th senatorial district filled with events that truly showcase the heart and soul of our community! I was thrilled to stop by the 46th Annual Carrot Festival at Agudat Achim in Niskayuna. 🥕🎉 Had a fantastic time at Riverview Orchards 🍏🍂 for Farm Fest in the Town of Clifton Park! It’s always great to see the community come together to celebrate our local farms and the fall harvest season. A big shoutout to my friend Isabel Prescott for all her wonderful work. Another great stop on the Town of Clifton Park Farm Fest trail today was at Bowman Orchards! 🍎🍂 What a true jewel they are in our community, offering tasty apple cider, fresh apples, family fun, and some of the best fall treats around. 🌾🍩 👍🏻Awesome Ballston Republican Committee Steak Roast at Lakeside Farms Cider Mill!!! Fantastic job by Chairman Joe Suhrada and the committee! @MBWalsh112 @SaratogaGOP
 	Joining my Sacramento colleagues and @BizFed! Big thank you to @JFedLA 👏🏽 Our Field Rep Crystal served on their panel talking about Boyle Heights and our shared partnership in our community. It’s a celebration 🥳🥳 We’re honoring our amazing parent volunteers at Stevenson Middle School with a special shout out to all around all-star, Yolanda Rodriguez!! 👏🏽👏🏽  #AD54 #BoyleHeights I could not be prouder to award Boyle Heights’s @ICSEastLA as Assembly District 54’s non-profit of the year 🥳🥳 We are so grateful for the work they do for equity in education, supporting at-risk youth and protecting tenants.  Thank you for your profound impact 👊🏽👊🏽
 	A heartfelt thank you to everyone who joined us at my “Pizza & Pie” Campaign Kick-Off event tonight. It was great to see so many friends and supporters gathered together. See you on the trail!
 	Great joining @DrTerryAJohnson @davetaylorOH and @ClermontChamber’s Joy Lytle for the ribbon cutting at the new Ten Mile Creek Nature Preserve. Beautiful opportunity for southern Clermont County.
 	Enjoyed speaking to members of Auburn Chamber of Commerce about ⁦@InnovateAlabama⁩. Great visit w/ ⁦@AuburnU⁩ President Chris Roberts & tour of engineering facilities. Thanks to Rep. Joe Lovvorn for hosting me! ⁦@TrussTribune⁩ ⁦@ALGOP⁩ ⁦@JeffCo_GOP⁩
 	It was a great day in North Park yesterday!  We welcomed folks to SD8 to engage in a productive, on-the-ground discussion about how wolves are impacting cattle, ranchers, and communities. There is much more to do to support ranchers but yesterday was a good step forward. More on the day:  steamboatradio.com/2024/06/1…
 	Thank you to Rockdale Mayor Ward Roddam, Milam County Sheriff Mike Clore, & Kara Clore for attending & testifying at yesterday's Business & Commerce Committee hearing. It was great to see you in the Capitol, & I appreciate you all taking the time to visit with me in my office. 
 Topic 11: 
 	 Hate amplifying this, but a) Nobody “threw out” votes, the President selflessly chose not to run; b) the party’s united behind Vice President Harris; and c) nearly $30 million from small-dollar donors in the first few hours says it ain’t just “elites” who are excited about her. NA Exactly. Anybody who says the party’s ignoring 14.5 million voters is ignoring that President Biden faced no credible primary challenge—and for good reason: steady, chaos-free leadership; historic, bipartisan legislative successes; and a strengthening economy. For everybody so worked up about the ages of presidential nominees (and those wondering why so many Republicans are in such a huff about our president selflessly stepping aside): Seems like it’s not just Democrats who support Vice President @KamalaHarris. newsweek.com/nikki-haley-vot… Almost $50 million raised in, what, about seven hours? From small-dollar donors? Biggest fundraising day of the 2024 cycle? Remember this when Republicans try to stir up shit. They’ll tell you “elites” forced this—and sure, I’ll admit a $50 million afternoon is pretty elite. Glad you brought up President Nixon, a Republican president who chose to selflessly resign rather than face divisive impeachment. The contrast here is that President Biden, after winning (by far) more votes than any candidate in history in 2020, selflessly chose not to run again. From the guy running the Nikki Haley Voters PAC backing VP @KamalaHarris: “Vice President [Harris] comes from the centrist wing of the Democratic Party, not it's left most fringe.” (Source: newsweek.com/nikki-haley-vot…) When’s the last time a major party nominated a convicted felon? When’s the last time a major party nominated a twice-impeached former president who lost to the guy who won the most votes of any presidential candidate in US history? The other occasion: the day Justice Ruth Ginsburg passed. This election is about more than the presidency, more than one person—and small-dollar donors have shown just how excited they are to support Vice President @KamalaHarris. #LFG I dunno, Vice President @KamalaHarris raised just about $60 million in eight or nine hours today, so I think small-dollar donors have made their pick pretty clear. What’s Senator Manchin think he can raise in a Sunday afternoon? I don’t even know what this means but I know it’s good He’s right. And with that record, President Biden caps a lifetime of selfless public service by choosing not to seek reelection and instead endorsing our vice president, @KamalaHarris. Let’s go. #LFG Let’s go. #LFG The thrice-married Republican nominee is a guy convicted on 34 felony counts who was also ordered to pay $355 million in a civil fraud verdict for misrepresenting his wealth to banks and investors. Meanwhile, the $60+ million raised *today* by VP @KamalaHarris is very much real. This. What a selfless act. It’ll take time and the distance afforded (most) all presidents, but Ben’s right: President Biden’s time in office will be remembered as among the most steady, chaos-free, and transformational in our country’s history. A calm hand, bipartisan achievements, and selfless service. Wait’ll the media hears about this. Through ActBlue alone, small-dollar donors pitched in nearly $67 million in a single day to support Vice President @KamalaHarris. We got ourselves a ballgame. Maybe I’m reading this wrong, but it sure looks like small-dollar donors have raised more than $91 million through @actblue in just the last 24 hours or so. I dunno, kinda hard to tell whether people’re excited about Vice President @KamalaHarris. Source: observablehq.com/@rdmurphy/a… It’s over $96 million now. Small-dollar donors could easily push it to $100 million in just the first 24 hours since Vice President @KamalaHarris announced she’s running. Just flat-out astounding. Vice President @KamalaHarris unsurprisingly consolidated broad support from Democrats in Congress, Democratic governors, and small-dollar donors in just about 24 hours. Meanwhile: Feels like people’re kinda excited about Vice President @KamalaHarris. #LFG New record just dropped. #LFG “There’s gonna be voter backlash.” More than $81 million raised and nearly 30,000 first-time volunteers signed up, all in the first 24 hours. Still looking for that backlash. It’s over $114 million now. Not all of it’s going to Vice President @KamalaHarris’s campaign—they reported $81 million raised in the first 24 hours—but what a showing from small-dollar donors. And this is just through @actblue. People are clearly fired up. More than 532,000 of the 888,000 donors to Vice President @KamalaHarris’s campaign in its first 24 hours were first-time donors. Still looking for that primary-voter backlash…. Something like 150,000 women participating tonight, largest Zoom ever, more than a million and a half bucks raised so far…. There’s been nothing in my lifetime like the last four days. Look, Olympic opening ceremonies peaked with the flaming-arrow lighting of the torch in Barcelona, and I won’t be convinced otherwise—but what just aired was, uh, something new. What a week. Seems we got a whole new ball game.
 	Yes you are, Kamala Harris. Yes you are. It's Kamala Harris all the way. We love to see it! I endorse Vice President Kamala Harris. Tonight, I was on a zoom call sponsored by @WinWithBLKWomen attended by 40K energized Black women for Kamala. They originally expected 1K.  Then 3K.  Then 18K.  By the time it got up to 40K it was clear: The Sisters are ready for battle. 'She is a fighter.' Nevada State Senator Pat Spearman says Kamala Harris is 'up for the fight'. Let's GO! 🔥🔥🔥 Nikki Haley: If Donald Trump is the Republican nominee, mark my words we will see a President Kamala Harris This morning on @GMB, I was asked if @KamalaHarris has what it takes. Not only does Vice President Kamala Harris have what it takes, but she is also a fighter who is fully qualified to become the next President of the United States.
 	President Biden's record includes legislation that will rebuild the country in ways that will likely be seen over the next dozen years, even if voters did not immediately appreciate it. apnews.com/article/biden-pol… President Biden will go down in history as one of our greatest Presidents. Accomplishing more in 4 years than many accomplished in 8 years. He is also an honorable man. A decent man. And a person who has always put the country first. Colorado Gov. Jared Polis, asked if he’d accept offer to serve as vp for Harris, quips: “Look, if they if they do the polling and it turns out that they need a 49-year-old, bald and gay Jew from Boulder, Colorado, they got my number.”  @DanaBashCNN: “😆😆. That was very funny.” 🚨 BREAKING: French President Marcon Pens Heartfelt Letter to President Biden  Mr. President, It is with great emotion that I learned of your decision to withdraw from the race for the 2024 presidential elections. Please believe that I understand the gravity of this moment for you, your loved ones, and the entire American people, as well as the courage, sense of responsibility, and sense of duty that led you to this decision. In these exceptional circumstances, I wanted to assure you once again of my friendship and thank you for the unwavering commitment you have always shown to strengthening Franco-American relations. Our respective State visits will remain in this regard important milestones, which testify to the historic and unbreakable friendship between France and the United States. I also wanted to express France's gratitude for the exemplary way in which you have led the Atlantic Alliance when it was facing one of the most serious crises in its history. The Washington Summit was in this respect a unique opportunity to reaffirm the importance of the Alliance's unity in the face of Russian aggression. As we have just celebrated together the 80th anniversary of the D-Day landings, I hope that this spirit of partnership between the two sides of the Atlantic continues to inspire the historic relations between our two countries. Please accept, Mr. President, the expression of my highest consideration. With one friendship from Brigitte and me to fill and you, Emmanuel Macron 🚨 BREAKING 🚨 Tonight, the Maine delegation to the Democratic National Convention voted unanimously to pledge their support to Vice President Kamala Harris and to endorse her candidacy to become the Democratic Party’s presidential nominee.
 	That is crazy. Biden as VP 1980 Reagan/Bush 1984 Reagan/Bush 1988 Bush/Quayle 1992 Bush/ Quayle v. Clinton/Gore 1996 Clinton/Gore 2000 Bush/Cheney 2004 Bush/Cheney 2008 Obama/Biden 2012 Obama/Biden 2016 Clinton/ Kaine 2020 Biden/Harris
 	For more than five decades, President Biden has made it his life’s work to better our country for hardworking Americans. Above all, he has been firm in his desire to safeguard democracy in a time of hyper-polarization and divisiveness. I thank him for his service and steadfast leadership. FLASHBACK: Nikki Haley in January: \"The first party to retire its 80 year old candidate is going to be the one who wins this election.\" I will do all that I can to help elect @KamalaHarris the next President of the United States. Kamala Harris will be the next President of the United States. I pledge my full support to ensure her victory in November. Now more than ever, it is crucial that our party and country swiftly unite to defeat Donald Trump and the threat to American democracy. Let’s get to work. You misspelled Republican elected officials and clergy when you’re talking about crooks and pedophiles “hermit.” I endorse Vice President Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris' presidential campaign raised $81 million in one day, underscoring the grassroots enthusiasm as Democrats line up behind her cnn.it/4fgPlvw BREAKING: Kansas' delegates to the Democratic National Convention just voted to endorse Vice President Kamala Harris as the Democratic Party's nominee. #ksleg My VP pick is Pete. He’s fearless and rational. He’s a brilliant communicator and fundraiser, he has huge name recognition, he has already been vetted, and he would hit the ground running on the ticket with Kamala Harris to excite voters and keep moving our nation forward.
 	\"To care for those who once cared for us is one of the highest honors.\" Tia Walker And… if you’re a democrat who is saying you’re not voting now because you feel Biden was pushed out…  Take a day or 2, be pissed off… Then put on your big girl panties because we have a job to do.  We have a woman to put in The White House. BREAKING: This Kamala Harris ad from 2020 still goes hard. Retweet to ensure every American sees it.  nitter.tiekoetter.com/AdamJSmithGA/status/18… Please retweet to show our love for Joe! 💙 #AmericaLovesJoe Wow. The Harris team are out of the blocks in lightening quick time with this superb ad   nitter.tiekoetter.com/AdamJSmithGA/status/18… The Clintons immediately endorse Harris while loving on Biden. The Obamas….don’t?!  I don’t want to put this on them, I’ll give it time. But… what could possibly… Dear @VP don’t hire ANY Former OBAMA staff. Listen to Joe & Hillary. We been knew Kamala is not only going to win for President Biden, but for Hillary and Al Gore too. This November, we settle all family business.. I'm thinking of @drbiden too on this day, who I’ve had the honor of working closely with. None of us know what she's going through. Let's be kind! Hey @BarackObama, we already have a great nominee in @VP @KamalaHarris. We don’t need to wait 30 days to figure this out. You dropped the ball here. But the rest of us are in formation. Let’s go and kick Donald Trump’s ass! Thank you @BillClinton and @HillaryClinton for standing up and not waiting to endorse @VP @KamalaHarris. That’s what leaders do. They LEAD! It’s happening… #Kamala #KamalaHarris #JoeBiden When The Marching 100 Put Barack Obama On The Field And Played My President Is Black By @Jeezy @BarackObama 🇺🇸🖤 🐍 📯   #Hubba100 I can’t think about Joe Biden without tearing up a little. This man ran for president 5 times and lost then enthusiastically backed Obama and played the establishment number two to the greatest leader of his generation. He wanted to run for president in 2016 but couldn’t because his son Beau died and he was too wracked with grief. So he comes back in 2020, saves the country from Donald Trump and despite being a career centrist, proceeds to have the most pro-union, pro-working class administration in 80 years, pulls the country out of Covid, pulls us from the economic disaster of Trump into the best economy in the world. He’s then betrayed by the media class and has to drop out because he’s too old for them. He steps down, for the good of the country, and immediately turns around and full-throatedly endorses the the first Black woman Presidential candidate finalist in U.S. history. This man. South Carolina's delegates to the Democratic National Convention met tonight and endorsed @KamalaHarris for the 2024 Democratic Presidential Nomination. 🚨Florida Young Dems just endorsed Therese Gamble in her Jacksonville contest to be the next state representative from HD 14. @LadyTVLWGamble Bye-bye boy! Let’s make a new rule. Anybody who is over 75 years old shouldn’t be running for president. Anybody who is convicted of a felony shouldn’t be running for president.   Anybody found liable for fraud or sexual assault should not be running for president.  Does this sound fair? PVAMU becomes first HBCU to lead a national University Transportation Center | PVAMU Home pvamu.edu/blog/pvamu-becomes… Thank you for the reminder... That's a whole lot of grassroots support on day one. .-. REPUBLICANS KNOW TRUMP IS TOO OLD Republicans maybe acting quite bold By believing just what they were told ..with a smirk and a smile ..they say Trump is senile And also that #TrumpisTooOld. #TrumpIsTooOldToBePresident #KamalaHarris2024  #DropOutDon #TrumpisTooOld As a reminder Kamala Harris did not lock up a single Black male for weed possession. And incarceration under her tenure dropped. Feel free to share this video any time a liar appears. Brothers now y’all know we’re not about to have our sisters out there by themselves! It’s time we all met on a call too and discuss the importance of this election so that we’re all on the same page which is behind @KamalaHarris for President! What’s up? Who’s down to help me!? Frank Schaeffer, with a beautiful elogy of one of the great presidents in our country's history, Joe Biden. If I were Joe, and I had a few months left as prez, I'd take that immunity ruling out for a ride. Wouldn't you? Tonight, I was on a zoom call sponsored by @WinWithBLKWomen attended by 40K energized Black women for Kamala. They originally expected 1K.  Then 3K.  Then 18K.  By the time it got up to 40K it was clear: The Sisters are ready for battle. A 4 minute video to show the damage 4 more years of Trump will do. @GCobbHunter JD Vance, Race, Class, Misogyny and the Crude and Obscene Politics of Blind Ambition and… link.medium.com/TTiA5KTPqLb I plan to honor Joe Biden by electing Kamala Harris. We are organizing without the backstabbing donors, consultants and unnamed elected sources.  We stand 10 toes down for Harris but will not forget what you did to Biden. Black Folks If We Can Keep This Energy We Had Yesterday(For @KamalaHarris) For The Next 3months We Gone Be On To Something!!! White America We Hope Y’all Will Join Us In The Fight! Dr. T.R.M. Howard, distinguished surgeon, civic leader & entrepreneur, founded organizations, organized for justice, mentored Civil Rights leaders, fought the Klan, & supported the Till family’s fight for justice.  history.ua.edu/dr-david-beit… The Lincoln Project has wasted no time putting out a video ushering in Kamala Harris for President of the United States! NGL, the beginning made me teary. We owe President Biden so much gratitude! I have a long memory and I will never forgive the Axelrods, Jones, news anchors, networks, newspapers, all of the turncoats on President Biden. Ya'll beat on that man mercilessly for 3 weeks. About his age and fitness. Now do TRUMP!! He is 78. And in clear mental decline. I feel so sad for Donald Trump (The oldest nominee in US history).   Why is Melania and his children allowing him to stay in this race?  It's elder abuse and they should be ashamed of themselves.   I mean, just look at his posts on Truth Social rambling on about Joe Biden, who isn't even in the race. Some really good news for Saint Augustine’s University!  hbcugameday.com/2024/07/22/h… Congratulations to Revive the Hive, LLC, on their first Construction Laborer Registered Apprenticeship Program. This is a great opportunity for someone wanting to get into the construction industry! #apprenticeships #skillsgap Please like and repost, we can’t allow the media to ignore Trump’s prominence in the Epstein files. This ad all the way!!! Great work @ProjectLincoln and THANK YOU @POTUS!!! #WokeAF Everyone should watch this and share it! 🔥🔥🔥 To all my fellow white women: We are not letting a rapist win over the first female president (again). Now let’s get to work. Thank you. Woke up to a text from my uncle that said, \"LOTUS for POTUS!\" So yes, Indian voters are ready ready 🫡👳🏽🪷 BREAKING: Vice President Kamala Harris heaps well-deserved praise on Joe Biden during her first speech since he endorsed her for president — enraging MAGA supporters with unity. This is how it's done... \"In one term, he has already surpassed the legacy of most presidents who have served two terms in office,\" Harris said on the South Lawn of the White House. She touted his \"legacy of accomplishment over the past three years\" as \"unmatched in modern history.\" She praised him for his \"honesty,\" \"integrity,\"  \"commitment to faith and his family,\" and \"his big heart and his deep love of our country.\" \"I am a firsthand witness that every day our President Joe Biden fights for the American people and we are deeply, deeply grateful for his service to our nation,\" said Harris. Republicans were desperately hoping for a Democratic Party civil war this election. Instead, Democrats are quickly uniting behind Kamala Harris, a woman who has what it takes to defeat Donald Trump once and for all! Please retweet and ❤️ if you're thrilled by the idea of a Harris presidency — and consider joining the growing exodus to Tribel, a new pro-democracy social network that is exploding in popularity because Twitter and Facebook are trying to stop its growth — which is only making Tribel grow even faster. Please follow us on Tribel to get all of our breaking news alerts sent straight to your phone or computer by clicking the following link: tribel.app.link/okwPIHYCIqb OMG @ChrisJansing did you just say the Democrats are searching for a nominee 107 days before the election? Jesus. Dems in disarray is a media drug. I always thought better of you. The problem with white women, video edition. Watch this, then let’s get to work. The Florida delegation to the Democratic National Convention endorsed Kamala Harris for president following President Joe Biden's withdrawal. tallahassee.com/story/news/2… .@POTUS @JoeBiden Mr. President, I hope you see this video I'm posting. This precious woman — who knows her presidential history —  speaks for the majority of Americans.  WARNING: Have some Kleenex handy. 😭 🚨 BREAKING: French President Marcon Pens Heartfelt Letter to President Biden  Mr. President, It is with great emotion that I learned of your decision to withdraw from the race for the 2024 presidential elections. Please believe that I understand the gravity of this moment for you, your loved ones, and the entire American people, as well as the courage, sense of responsibility, and sense of duty that led you to this decision. In these exceptional circumstances, I wanted to assure you once again of my friendship and thank you for the unwavering commitment you have always shown to strengthening Franco-American relations. Our respective State visits will remain in this regard important milestones, which testify to the historic and unbreakable friendship between France and the United States. I also wanted to express France's gratitude for the exemplary way in which you have led the Atlantic Alliance when it was facing one of the most serious crises in its history. The Washington Summit was in this respect a unique opportunity to reaffirm the importance of the Alliance's unity in the face of Russian aggression. As we have just celebrated together the 80th anniversary of the D-Day landings, I hope that this spirit of partnership between the two sides of the Atlantic continues to inspire the historic relations between our two countries. Please accept, Mr. President, the expression of my highest consideration. With one friendship from Brigitte and me to fill and you, Emmanuel Macron A Sunday evening Zoom meeting organized on behalf of Vice President Kamala Harris by political advocacy group Win With Black Women drew 44,000 people, raising over $1.5 million in just a few hours. Read More 👇🏿 thegrio.com/2024/07/22/44000… This white woman is issuing a clarion call to other white women to support Black women in America who are about to get an unprecedented amount of hate, misogyny, and racism directed at them from the pedophile felon and his cult of hamster-brained bigots and white supremacists. .@JoeBiden can be proud of his lifetime of service that has made America better in countless ways…and we should all respect his patriotism and courage to put country above self & party! I am thankful that @POTUS has understood the importance of food, hosting a historic White House hunger conference for the first time in more than 50 years.  President Biden - America thanks you for all of your accomplishments on behalf of its people and your tireless effort to restore the soul of our nation🇺🇸🕶️ We are lucky to have a @VP like Kamala Harris, who is not only a kind and decent person, but also a great leader who is more than capable of assuming our country’s highest office. To keep pushing for an America where everyone can belong, where we take care of others and give voice to the voiceless, and where the whole world is safer…@KamalaHarris all the way! 7/22/24 Va. HoD races will be held in November 2025.  Right now, the Va. GOP has 49 incumbents seeking re-election. Interestingly, @vpapupdates lists 63 (D)s filed.  Another 8 to 10 (D)s are in the process of filing.  Which party seems more engaged ? vpap.org/elections/house/can… American poverty is presented with a Black face, but the U.S. has 40 million more poor white people than Black people. Nearly half of Americans are poor or trapped in low-wage jobs. Together, we can elect leadership that is bent towards dignity for all. thehill.com/opinion/civil-ri… BREAKING: Popular radio personality Charlamagne tha God destroys Republicans for their racist attacks as they try to label Kamala Harris a \"DEI hire\" simply because she's a woman of color. \"MAGA has a lot of DEI hires too. Conservatives have a lot of DEI hires but DEI stands for delusion, entitlement, and idiocracy,\" said Charlamagne during an appearance on CNN. \"They're delusional because they think Donald Trump is their savior. They're entitled because they're a bunch of privileged white men who want everybody else to to stay in their place, and idiocracy comes into play because that's the movie that the RNC convention reminded me of the other night,\" he explained. Earlier today, MAGA Representative Tim Burchett from Tennessee called Kamala Harris a \"DEI vice president.\"  DEI stands for \"diversity, equity, and inclusion\" but Republicans have co-opted the term as a slur for people of color. They use it to imply that Black people are undeserving of certain jobs or to downplay their achievements. When you hear a Republican call a Black person \"DEI\" know that what they really want to say is the N-word. MAGA has nothing real to attack Kamala Harris on, so expect them to dust of the proverbial Klan hoods in a desperate attempt to win white votes. It won't work. This November, we're going to crush MAGA and save this country from Donald Trump and his racist facists! Please retweet and ❤️ if you think that Kamala Harris is highly qualified to be president — and consider joining the growing exodus to Tribel, a new pro-democracy social network that is exploding in popularity because Twitter and Facebook are trying to stop its growth — which is only making Tribel grow even faster. Please follow us on Tribel to get all of our breaking news alerts sent straight to your phone or computer by clicking the following link: tribel.app.link/okwPIHYCIqb 🚨 𝗟𝗶𝗻𝗱𝘆'𝘀 𝗦𝗽𝗼𝗿𝘁𝘀 𝗣𝗿𝗲𝘀𝗲𝗮𝘀𝗼𝗻 𝗥𝗮𝗻𝗸𝗶𝗻𝗴𝘀 🚨 @Lindyssportsmag has the Rattlers ranked 20th in their preseason FCS rankings. 📰 bit.ly/3Sk7YF4 #FAMU | #Rattlers | #RELOAD | #REPEAT Like and retweet if you agree. 🚨 President Biden Calls Into Harris Campaign Headquarters: \"I'm watching you kid, I love you.\" “I want to say to the team: Embrace her. She’s the best.\" \"I’m hoping you’ll give every bit of your heart and soul that you gave to me to Kamala.\" Such a good man.  😭😭😭😭😭 A man in Lawrence, Kansas is sending a political message across the country with some agriculture-inspired art. trib.al/7XMYIlF Share until every Republican sees this! 🤣🤣🤣 Dozens of MAGA cultists found themselves stranded following the Trump rally in Charlotte, NC after their cars were towed from a nearby Dunkin’ Donuts. Drivers were told they couldn’t park there and they ignored signs stating no parking for non-customers.🤣 😒😒😒😒 Millions will be raised on this call. Women are energized, inspired, and raring to go. Our future is on the line, our freedom is on the line, our ability to choose is on the line. I’m so stoked to see so many women coming together fired up! #AnswerTheCall Eternally grateful for this decent man and once in a lifetime extraordinary leader. It means so much to have your endorsements, @MichelleObama and @BarackObama. Let’s get to work. “To my girl, Kamala: I am so proud of you. This is going to be historic.” — Forever FLOTUS Michelle Obama 📢Alert! The @KamalaHarris campaign is hosting a virtual job fair tomorrow and doing on-the-spot interviews.  They're hiring Full time, in-person, paid organizer positions in: AZ, GA, ME, MI, MN, NE-02, NV, NC, PA, WI, & VA events.democrats.org/event/6… #KHive @KamalaHQ #jobs Breaking news: Livingstone College announced a $10 million donation — the largest in the HBCU’s history.  Follow the story: tinyurl.com/yf9esvfa #ICYMI @CamisePatterson shared a few words for #RattlerNation. Thank You Coach P! #FAMULY 🧡💚🥎 Today’s word is RECLAMATION!  We are reclaiming and repurposing things that are meant to hurt us. NEW: VP Kamala Harris records a special video for young people, saying that she  knows that their vote is key in this election & that it will not be taken for granted & she will do everything possible to earn their votes. This is how it’s done. Hey @CocoGauff @KingJames!  Congrats on being our flag bearers!  Btw yall look great? Hold the flag straight…no dipping. 🥰🥰🥰Permanent smile….you’re not going to be able to anything else but smile because it is the coolest and most unreal feeling ever! Enjoy the moment! I know at least one Republican woman planning on using her vote to secretly cancel out her husband’s vote for a convicted felon serial rapist who wants to ban abortion nationwide.  Don’t forget, the ballot is secret for a reason.  cc @HaleyVte4Harris NA @LRobinsonFAMU Ditto!
 	VP: I was a courtroom prosecutor. In those roles I took on perpetrators of all kinds. Predators who abused women. Fraudsters who ripped off consumers. Cheaters who broke the rules for their own gain. So hear me when I say I know Donald Trump's type.
 	The New York Times endorses Kamala Harris for President, and absolutely shreds Donald Trump:  “It is hard to imagine a candidate more unworthy to serve as president of the United States than Donald Trump. He has proved himself morally unfit for an office that asks its occupant to put the good of the nation above self-interest. He has proved himself temperamentally unfit for a role that requires the very qualities — wisdom, honesty, empathy, courage, restraint, humility, discipline — that he most lacks. Those disqualifying characteristics are compounded by everything else that limits his ability to fulfill the duties of the president: his many criminal charges, his advancing age, his fundamental lack of interest in policy and his increasingly bizarre cast of associates. This unequivocal, dispiriting truth — Donald Trump is not fit to be president — should be enough for any voter who cares about the health of our country and the stability of our democracy to deny him re-election. For this reason, regardless of any political disagreements voters might have with her, Kamala Harris is the only patriotic choice for president.” I truly believe that they are trying to lose this election
 	My fellow Democrats, I have decided not to accept the nomination and to focus all my energies on my duties as President for the remainder of my term. My very first decision as the party nominee in 2020 was to pick Kamala Harris as my Vice President. And it’s been the best decision I’ve made. Today I want to offer my full support and endorsement for Kamala to be the nominee of our party this year. Democrats — it’s time to come together and beat Trump. Let’s do this.
 	President @JoeBiden will go down in history as one of our country's most influential leaders over the last half-century.  Please see my full statement: The 8 @MDSenate Senators serving as Delegates to the DNC stand together: We thank President @JoeBiden for his remarkable service and strongly endorse VP @KamalaHarris for President of the United States! #TeamMD #LetsDoThis
 	Let’s go!!!!!!!!!! Donald obviously thinks you’re qualified: Donald Trump donated $6,000 to Kamala D. Harris’s reelection campaign while she was California’s attorney general. He gave $5,000 to Harris’s campaign in September 2011 and $1,000 in February 2013.  Ivanka Trump gave Kamala Harris’s campaign $2,000 in 2014. 🍿
 	Colorado Gov. Jared Polis, asked if he’d accept offer to serve as vp for Harris, quips: “Look, if they if they do the polling and it turns out that they need a 49-year-old, bald and gay Jew from Boulder, Colorado, they got my number.”  @DanaBashCNN: “😆😆. That was very funny.”
 	BREAKING: Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff just demolished JD Vance for being a weird, women-hating, creep. Doug Emhoff is going to be a huge asset for this campaign. Retweet so all Americans see this incredible takedown.
 	Today, I am thinking about a political giant who came in as the youngest senator and is leaving as the oldest President. Of course, I mean @JoeBiden. What he did today is something that, in our 248-year history, has never been done. And I want you to think about that. When we think about Joe Biden, I want us to remember that when democracy was on the line, when things were really dire, this man had the grace to step down and allow another to run in his place. Do you know how rare a quality that is to find in a person, let alone a president? Joe Biden has fulfilled his promise. Without him, we wouldn’t have the American Rescue Plan that saved us from COVID, the CHIP Act, infrastructure funding, Ketanji Brown Jackson, the strongest NATO has been in 60 years, billions in student debt relief, and so much more. Let’s also not forget that he was the loyal and effective VP to Barack Obama for eight full years, serving with intelligence and integrity. I’ll particularly always cherish the time he beat Paul Ryan’s ass like a drum during the VP debate in 2012. But he saved his biggest and most impactful act for last, delivering on his biggest promise: to be a bridge president to the next generation for @KamalaHarris. The contrast is stark. Joe Biden loves America more than he loves being President and believes democracy comes first. Donald Trump has said he will be a dictator on day one and loves himself more than anything or anyone else. When the dust settles and history remembers Joe Biden, he will be known as a giant, bigger than the game. That’s because you fought for him, stayed loyal when the chips were down, and now he needs you to show up and vote in numbers never seen before. Let’s do that to secure Joe Biden’s legacy and give him a hero’s thank you by winning this thing. Let’s go #WinForJoe! Earlier this week, Michelle and I called our friend @KamalaHarris. We told her we think she’ll make a fantastic President of the United States, and that she has our full support. At this critical moment for our country, we’re going to do everything we can to make sure she wins in November. We hope you’ll join us.
 	Voting for VP Harris for president in November will be a white job, a brown job, a black job, a Native American job, an Asian job, a Jewish job, a Muslim job, a Christian job, a catholic job, a women's job, a man's job etc. BREAKING: Vice President Kamala Harris has now raised $60 million in less than a day. Vice President Harris is on path to have the most successful 24 hour fundraising numbers in American history. She’s great! 💕💚 Let’s GO!!!!! We’re all in. state of Arkansas. Today, two things are undeniable. One, the courage it took for President Biden to step aside is unprecedented in our country’s history. The second, is the ascendance of Vice President Harris to be our party’s new nominee has brought a historic resurgence of I was the first elected official in Arkansas to endorse President Joe Biden. I could not be prouder of what his administration has accomplished.  From infrastructure to capping insulin costs to the Inflation Reduction Act, his Presidency has had a profound positive impact on the of energy and enthusiasm to the Democratic Party. I am so grateful for President Biden’s leadership and I am so excited to endorse Kamala  Harris to be our next President of the United States. Senator-Elect Jamie Scott
 	President@JoeBiden, thank you for the years of service to this country. While disappointed because you understand the mission is to put the country first and not yourself, I respect your decision.  I will always be Riden with Biden. Now, I am excited to support @KamalaHarris. Make no mistake about it, I am with her. VP @KamalaHarris. Can't wait to officially say President Harris. Time to work for HER! @KamalaHarris #Kamala #WinWithBlackWomen
 	Putting others first is rarely seen in politics. The cynicism is understandable, but for me it is a  relief that comes with some newfound respect. We should now move quickly and decisively.  President Biden clearly understood the stakes. We need to act like we do, too.
 	Our vice president is ready, willing and able to challenge the Republican nominee for President of the United States.  Kamala Harris has what it takes to do the job.
 	Dems keep saying they're the defenders of \"democracy.\" Let's review: They prevented any serious primary challenge to Biden, held no primary debates & are poised to simply elevate Harris at the convention, once more shutting their own voters out of the process. That's democracy? But the GOP at least held debates, which gave candidates a chance to discuss Trump & his record at length. Candidates can choose, strategically, whether to participate. And Biden likely would have skipped, too. But the parties' different approaches to the process is telling. Someone in the news media needs to ask Kamala Harris ASAP: If you'd been President, would you have fired Secret Service Director Kimberly Cheatle after the Trump rally debacle? Do you think she should resign now? nationalreview.com/news/secr…
 	Count me in @KamalaHarris.  “I will do everything in my power to unite the Democratic Party — and unite our nation — to defeat Donald Trump and his extreme Project 2025 agenda,” Ms. Harris said in a statement. 
 Topic 12: 
 	 This week, the Missouri Senate spent almost 50 straight hours attempting to pass IP Reform. Unfortunately, we were unsuccessful and sent the bill to the House. Late yesterday, the House attempted to pass the same bill back to us. There’s no way the Senate can get done in 8 hours what it couldn’t do in 50. I rejected the message leaving the bill in their possession.  The only way IP Reform will be on the ballot in 2024 is for the House to act on the Senate bill. Today, they will have one last opportunity to do so.  I believe IP Reform can pass without “ballot candy.” I have confidence in the people of Missouri and their ability to understand important issues without deceptive and unnecessary additions meant to trick them into voting for something. #MOLeg 5 years ago extremists passed Missouri’s cruel total ban on abortion. I was told I was “too emotional,” and \"not to worry.” But we were right. Women in Missouri are suffering, sent home to bleed out until they’re close enough to death for doctors to provide care. We’ve been fighting this cruel, draconian, ban for 5 years. I said it then, and I’ve never stopped since: the only thing we can do to stop the extremists from controlling our bodies is to win.  This November, voters will restore access to abortion in Missouri and hold the extremists who stole our rights accountable. A woman’s place is in the House (Senate, Governor’s Office, U.S. Congress, U.S. Senate & the Oval Office.) @buttkicker7 #moleg 5 years ago the Republicans passed Missouri’s complete ban on abortion. I’ve been an advocate for reproductive choice and will continue to fight to protect that right.  This election we will get it back!  moconstitutionalfreedom.org/ #moleg #EndTheBanMO Thank YOU House Democrats addressed reporters and fielded questions after the close of the 2024 regular session, today: invidious.tiekoetter.com/watch?v=0b2eT2lg… #MOLeg
 	BREAKING: SCOTUS has upheld access to mifepristone, a pill used in more than half of all abortions in the US. This is good news for women across the country -- but this fight is far from over. We need to codify Roe v. Wade into law and protect all reproductive rights. 🩺Glad #SCOTUS unanimously REJECT anti-abortion extremists’ efforts to reinstate outdated restrictions on medically-safe Mifepristone. But the fight isn’t over - extremists will bring this case back. So we have to elect pro-choice champions in Minnesota ✊🏼 and across the country! The decision from the Supreme Court is a reprieve, not a vindication.  But we’re ready to fight — and win — the battle to protect abortion access for women in this country.
 	Birds of a feather do flock together, and Larry Hogan is no exception. As a lifelong Republican, he supports a party known for its extreme views since he was a kid. As we approach this pivotal election, remember that the future of our Senate, and our values are at stake.
 	Let’s get behind Mike Kehoe as our next Governor I’ll be on w/ @RandyToblerMD and crew at 7:08am this morning  to talk about the last day of the #MOLeg session, the final chance to pass IP reform today and more. Tune in and join the conversation! This week, the Missouri Senate spent almost 50 straight hours attempting to pass IP Reform. Unfortunately, we were unsuccessful and sent the bill to the House. Late yesterday, the House attempted to pass the same bill back to us. There’s no way the Senate can get done in 8 hours what it couldn’t do in 50. I rejected the message leaving the bill in their possession.  The only way IP Reform will be on the ballot in 2024 is for the House to act on the Senate bill. Today, they will have one last opportunity to do so.  I believe IP Reform can pass without “ballot candy.” I have confidence in the people of Missouri and their ability to understand important issues without deceptive and unnecessary additions meant to trick them into voting for something. #MOLeg Noncitizens have NO BUSINESS voting in Missouri elections. Ranked-choice voting has NO PLACE in our state. Let's finish the job and pass SJR 78. #MOLeg @deanplocher @BenBrownTweets @BenBakerMO @ETI_now @honestelections @Heritage_Action @Stop_RCV electiontransparency.org/202… It’s not too late for the Speaker (and the former speaker/staffer) to do the right thing and pass IP reform today. Give rural Missouri the chance to have a louder voice. It’s just one vote away.  #MOLeg Got home just in time to watch this little angel graduate pre-school. What a great day!!
 	Abortion bans are killing women. Amber Thurman should be alive today, and her loss is heartbreaking. Amber died a preventable death because an abortion ban forced doctors to delay lifesaving care. This is what happens when politicians interfere in personal healthcare decisions.
 	Today, we honor Constitution Day, a reminder of the document that guarantees our freedom and liberty. The U.S. Constitution has ensured that We the People are in charge, not the government. As we face new challenges in our state and nation, I will always fight to uphold these cherished principles. Happy Constitution Day, Texas—let’s continue to safeguard the freedoms that make America great!
 	Let's be clear, Larry Hogan is not going to defend women's reproductive freedoms in the Senate because he'll hand Republican extremists who want to pass a national abortion ban control of the Senate. baltimoresun.com/2024/09/13/… First, Larry Hogan blocked then-Attorney General Brian Frosh from suing the Trump Administration.  Then, Hogan received Trump’s endorsement while running for Senate.  We know where Hogan stands, and it’s not with Marylanders.  thebaltimorebanner.com/polit…
 	FREEDOM CAUCUS AND @IWV Press Conference on Biological Sex Classification and Women's Rights nitter.tiekoetter.com/i/broadcasts/1eaKbgQBW… Today I stood in support of HB5830…..protecting women in sports! Thank you to the Wheeler family and ⁦@Riley_Gaines_⁩  for your support!
 	🚨 SCOTUS agrees: abortion pills are safe and legal! But we cannot let up the fight — here in Florida, we MUST pass Amendment 4 to overturn current bans & enshrine abortion rights in our State Constitution. Republicans, Democrats & Independents are united to vote YES on Amendment 4 — but it will take all of us to win & protect reproductive freedom this November! Join the fight with @yes4florida 🗳️
 	DON’T FORGET: Tomorrow -July 23- is the last recommended day to mail back your ballot for the July 30th primary to ensure it is received on time! 📫 Republicans have never been more intent on stripping away our right to choose what our future will look like.  Every abortion ban is a threat to reproductive freedom across the country. Our rights are not protected until they are recognized in the constitution. #StoptheBans Project 2025 has been around a long time in Arizona:  -attacks on public education & teachers  -attacks on families & reproductive healthcare  -attacks on transportation & infrastructure funding  -attacks on veterans & their benefits The Republicans pushing this agenda have failed our state. Arizona deserves better. America deserves better. #azleg #project2025 Today, the a judge ruled that the partisan language used by Republicans in the Arizona for Abortion Access initiative in the official elections publicity pamphlet is not legal. Senate and House Democratic Leaders @MitziEpstein and Lupe Contreras have released the following statement. @AZHouseDems Whether it's the Abortion Access initiative, or any other,  the description in the official voter guide should be impartial. I spoke up for fairness on the Legislative Council, and our Democratic Caucus attorneys advocated in court for impartial language. 😃Teamwork !
 	In 1788, the United States Constitution was ratified, laying the foundation for our nation's governance. Its principles continue to safeguard our fundamental rights and freedoms, reminding us of the enduring power of democracy.
 	Sunday on @thisweekinmopol our featured guest will be Senate Minority Leader @JohnJRizzo. Our end of session panel includes Reps. Ashley Bland-Manlove Bill Hardwick @JustinHicksMO & @gm_webb Child marriage will remain legal in Missouri for at least another year after Republican House leaders said they don’t have enough time to pass it. #moleg #mogov via @clarabatess missouriindependent.com/brie… via @MO_Independent “We are not doing enough to protect young girls who are forced into marriages and whose lives are worse in every way as a result,” said @LaurenArthurMO. “It’s shameful.” #moleg kansascity.com/news/politics… Missouri House adjourns, ending 2024 legislative session. Missourians’ citizen initiative power has been preserved and protected from attack. Majority Rule prevails.  One Person, One Vote endures. Thank you @MOREALTORS for standing up for Missourians' rights in #moleg Thank you for your leadership and service Senator. I've learned so much from you! #moleg Some days I’m really happy I still get paper delivery.
 	I’m running to protect reproductive freedom, make healthcare more affordable, and to stop the attacks on working Missouri families. Chip-in and help elect a governor who will fight for all Missourians: secure.actblue.com/donate/cr… I joined @Morning_Joe to talk about our ballot initiative to restore access to abortion and protect access to birth control and IVF in Missouri. As governor, I’ll respect the will of voters and kick politicians out of your family’s doctors’ offices. msnbc.com/morning-joe/watch/… Missouri to vote on abortion measure in November msnbc.com/morning-joe/watch/…
 	The Supreme Court’s decision to protect access to mifepristone is both correct and obvious. While I’m relieved today, we’ve known for decades that mifepristone is safe. Extreme judges and politicians shouldn’t get to threaten women’s access to health care for political gain.
 	Reproductive freedom is at risk as we wait for the Iowa Supreme Court's decision on the Iowa GOP’s abortion ban. Sign up for urgent text message alerts and be the first to know the decision and how to take action at: shorturl.at/pzDwt. #ialegis
 	BREAKING: The Supreme Court just upheld access to mifepristone, a crucial abortion medication. This is a HUGE win for reproductive rights — but we’ve still got work to do.  I will keep fighting until every Texan has the freedom to make their own healthcare decisions.
 	Since the Dobbs decision, MAGA extremists have worked to ban abortions nationwide, endangering women in the process. Help me take back the House and codify Roe’s protections into federal law.
 	Republicans have no reason to vote against a bill to protect IVF unless they intend to take that right away also. nbcnews.com/politics/congres…
 	🚨News Flash🚨 Commisioner @TomSRamsey2 has confirmed to those waiting to speak in Harris County Commissioner’s Court on Agenda Item #400 has been pulled from consideration. There will be no vote today on a vague and ill-advised instruction to the elected @HarrisCountyTAC & Voter Registrar Ann Bennett on unsolicited voter reg app mailings. (You can see TAC Ann Bennett’s comments on @TXsecofstate audit on Harris County and the former EAO) My reasoning below in Lt. Gov. @DanPatrick's press release is obvious that #txlege passed my bills to give control of the elections back to the elected County Clerk Teneshia Hudspeth & elected Tax Assessor-Collector Ann Bennett.  It is generally accepted that the Tax Office and @HarrisCoTXClerk have been doing a much better job than the former corrupt Elections Administration Office. The facts are Harris County Commissioner's Court no longer has the authority to appoint an EA, nor should they be putting their thumb on the scale of the election code and telling other elected officials what to do! My bills #SB1750 and #SB1933 don’t allow for that! Chairs @SenBryanHughes @Reggie4Tx  @jen_rice_  @jaspscherer @JasonWhitely
 	Another way we fight back is to protect our right to make change directly on the ballot. But the same politicians who took away your healthcare freedom also want to make it harder for you to override them in the voting booth. That’s exactly what Measure 2 is all about. That’s why we need to restore the protections of Roe v. Wade. They were the law of the land for 5 decades. Now it’s time to get the government out of women’s private healthcare decisions once and for all. Forcing rape victims to give birth IS extreme.   Forcing women to wait for life-saving emergency healthcare while their doctors figure out if they’ll go to jail for providing it IS extreme.  But that’s exactly what the Republicans’ abortion ban does. My rhetoric simply matches reality. Even among the many Trump abortion bans passed by Republicans across the country, the North Dakota ban stands out at as among the most extreme. Now that a court has ruled that this dangerous, freedom-restricting law is unconstitutional, continuing to defend it is a waste of money. That’s why I voted against giving the AG any more money to do that. But what’s far worse is that extreme abortion bans laws like the one in ND can and do have fatal consequences for women. Just last week, we learned about the tragic death of Amber Thurman in Georgia resulting from that state’s ban.  propublica.org/article/georg… Women in Texas also are at increased risk of preventable death due to that state’s abortion ban.  nbcnews.com/health/womens-he… It’s only a matter of time—if it hasn’t already happened—until a woman in North Dakota suffers a serious health consequence or dies as a result of our extreme abortion ban. When Republican politicians do restrict our freedoms and constitutional rights—as a North Dakota judge just ruled they did with the extreme abortion ban—we must challenge those laws in court. We won’t just sit back and let our rights be stripped away. If Measure 2 passes, it would be exponentially harder to pass an abortion rights ballot measure in the future. It is not a coincidence that the same lawmaker who wrote the extreme abortion law also wrote the measure making it harder for you to overturn it on the ballot. Finally, we MUST elect representatives who will reject extreme laws like the Trump abortion ban. I’m working hard to do that this November. If you, like me, believe that women must have the freedom to make their own decisions about their own bodies, then join me in electing candidates who will fight for that freedom and rejecting candidates who insist on taking it away. Knock on doors. Make phone calls. Pitch in $20. Most importantly, vote. When we fight, we win! secure.actblue.com/donate/za… It was great to welcome @KatrinaforND back to Grand Forks. When she says she shows up, she means it. That’s why she’ll be an outstanding United States Senator! I’m passionate about protecting women’s reproductive healthcare in North Dakota, and I appreciated the chance to discuss this important issue with Rob and Chad. Take a listen! 
 Topic 13: 
 	 My statements on the Oregon Food Bank from March 2023 applied years ago as they attacked @ChristineDrazan as Leader in 2020, and actively engaged in partisan politics that hurt farmers supplying food to Oregonians and the Food Bank itself! It still applies today: “My stance… is simple - any organization that receives public funds should not engage in partisan political activity.”  The Oregon Food Bank receives public funds, and then in return gives money to Democrat causes that furthers Dem agenda. Them taking this kind of position isn’t surprising… but what should be eye-opening is Oregonians realizing that the Oregon Food Bank has lost their focus and has become an arm of the Democrat party. #orleg #orleg #orpol Providing food for those who can't afford it should be a nonpartisan activity. It hurts the #OregonFoodBank's mission when it engages in politics on any side. It should collect and distribute food and leave partisan activities to other groups.  #orpol  oregonlive.com/news/2024/06/… nitter.tiekoetter.com/boshartdavisag/status/…
 	Really!? I understand policies, etc. But I wholeheartedly disagree with how this is being handled. OPD arrested the 77-year-old homeowner on suspicion of murder in shooting the death of burglary of the elder home. What do you want the innocent citizens of Oakland to do? What do you expect of us?  Again, criminals are now the savior, and the victims are the criminals. You've seen countless videos of smash-and-grab thieves ransacking CA stores. Many in the state blame Proposition 47 for reclassifying some thefts as misdemeanors. Now, voters will have a chance to change Prop 47 this November. Should they? Reactions - This morning at 6 from ABC7 #SB132 has created state sanctioned assault on incarcerated women and legislators know about it. With 3 years of data and no know the law hasn’t met its intent and now it’s time to fix it. So, CVS is speeding up the closure of their stores in and around San Francisco, parts of Los Angeles, and Oakland. They are now considering the possibility of pulling out of California entirely. Their reasoning? Mass theft with no consequences and general lawlessness throughout the state. Their margins were already incredibly thin, and they can no longer support the stores in California off the backs of their stores in certain other states. Yes
 	NEW: Per newly released CBP data, nearly 530,000 migrants have flown into the US & have been paroled into the country as part of the Biden administration’s controversial CHNV mass parole program. Additionally,  approx 813,000 migrants have scheduled appointments via the CBP One app at ports of entry to be released into the US. These are “lawful pathways” created by the Biden administration, and these numbers do not count in Border Patrol data, as they are not illegal crossings.  Most of the migrants taking part in these programs are paroled into the U.S. on two year humanitarian parole grants, which also allow them to apply to work.  Every single ICE source/contact I’ve spoken with has told me the same thing - they do not have the manpower or resources to find and deport such a large population of people if they overstay these 2 year grants.  As it stands now, ICE’s non-detained docket is on track to hit 8 million by the end of the year, and each ICE officer currently manages an average of 7,000 cases. The agency is already tasked with tracking down and removing those with final orders of removal, aggravated felons, gotaways, etc. They physically do not have the bodies to track and remove this additional population - and there has been no government agency monitoring parole expiration, according to a recent DHS Inspector General report.  The bottom line - the more than 1 million migrants the Biden admin has allowed into the U.S. via these programs are here to stay - even if they fall out of status and become unlawfully in the U.S.  New CBP data: cbp.gov/newsroom/national-me…
 	A “secret” group or a “Dem backed group”??  … apnews.com/article/patriots-… NEW: Per newly released CBP data, nearly 530,000 migrants have flown into the US & have been paroled into the country as part of the Biden administration’s controversial CHNV mass parole program. Additionally,  approx 813,000 migrants have scheduled appointments via the CBP One app at ports of entry to be released into the US. These are “lawful pathways” created by the Biden administration, and these numbers do not count in Border Patrol data, as they are not illegal crossings.  Most of the migrants taking part in these programs are paroled into the U.S. on two year humanitarian parole grants, which also allow them to apply to work.  Every single ICE source/contact I’ve spoken with has told me the same thing - they do not have the manpower or resources to find and deport such a large population of people if they overstay these 2 year grants.  As it stands now, ICE’s non-detained docket is on track to hit 8 million by the end of the year, and each ICE officer currently manages an average of 7,000 cases. The agency is already tasked with tracking down and removing those with final orders of removal, aggravated felons, gotaways, etc. They physically do not have the bodies to track and remove this additional population - and there has been no government agency monitoring parole expiration, according to a recent DHS Inspector General report.  The bottom line - the more than 1 million migrants the Biden admin has allowed into the U.S. via these programs are here to stay - even if they fall out of status and become unlawfully in the U.S.  New CBP data: cbp.gov/newsroom/national-me…
 	Me I’m sure you’re referring to the “change”. The Democrats made in the bill that the board of canvassers can “refer” fraud allegations to the hyper-partisan Democrat, Attorney General and the hyper-partisan intercity Democrat prosecutors. Oh yes. Big change!  No, the Democrats are ripping the powers from the board of canvassers To prevent investigations of election fraud. Oh Marie , I’ll bet you did tell them that. I’ll bet you did misinform and mislead them as to their full capabilities. The current law is very, very clear. They have both investigatory and subpoena Powers. But I’ll bet you did lie to them and tell them they didn’t have those powers. Then I would encourage you to read the current law relating to the powers of the board of canvassers. The fact that they have investigatory and subpoena, Powers is very very clear. Read the statute. More sputtering Spaulding
 	A brutal poll shows George Gascón will be crushed in his reelection bid this November. He trails 45 percent to 20 percent. Gascón was Kamala's successor as DA of San Francisco and then became DA of Los Angeles with her endorsement. He was also the official proponent of Prop. 47. Newsom can't understand why he's being asked about California's retail theft problem. The obvious reason is because it's so much worse here than other states. Even Democrat voters want to end Prop. 47. His claim that our laws are \"tougher\" than other states is absurd. Texas state law allows the value of stolen merchandise to be aggregated across related thefts and allows felony charges for repeat thieves, regardless of the value. These are precisely the changes our initiative will make. The definition of a gaffe is when a politician accidentally tells the truth. Newsom haltingly admits homelessness has exploded in California because of “our own policies and neglect.” A state audit found Newsom lost track of $24 billion in homelessness spending. Newsom sarcastically says the process of anointing Kamala was \"very open,\" \"very inclusive,\" and \"bottom up,\" adding: \"that's what I've been told to say.\" It won't be long before he's \"told\" to stop doing interviews.
 	The Left loves their echo chamber. Marxism is a religion.  When their policies fail, they will never blame themselves, they blame the nonbelievers. Meanwhile, the government hates SpaceX & Starlink’s owner because he believes in free speech.
 	The clerks were not liable. She absolutely should’ve been liable. She was just overturned in the courts again yesterday. That makes eight times now! She has to be the most overruled in the courts Secretary of State in the nations history. When Benson was asked about voter ID, she said “we don’t need it because we check the signatures. It’s the most important way to prevent fraud”.  When she became the actual secretary of state, she threw out the law, violated law, participated in the potential for massive voter fraud and was overthrown by the courts. Thank God, there’s some semblance of law  left in our courts. She is now been turned overturned, as of yesterday, eight times! There needs to be built in sanctions for violating these laws. She just dances off to  the next violation. Republicans unfortunately did very little to fight the terrible provisions in prop two.. I put a lot of material out on the utilities sheer, absolute corruption. I’ll be doing some more here real soon. But Craig, Pat is referring to the law. The law. Nowhere in the law does it refer to whether someone influenced them or not to sign the affidavit. The law says it has to be signed by one Republican and one Democrat. That’s the law. It was not certified per the law. It did not have one Republican and one Democrat. That’s the law. Unless I’m mistaken, they were cajoled into doing so without benefit of legal counsel, (except for the Democrat legal counsel). They however, did vote yes, but with conditions. Conditions the Secretary of State later refused.  Because the conditions were never met is why they refused to sign the affidavit.  I would further add that the influence upon, especially Monica Palmer, was far less from Trump asking her not to vote yes, than those doxing her daughter and threatening to rape, torture, and murder her if she did not vote yes Utility customers, once again, we have been screwed over with another major outage!  This time, around 300,000 DTE and 200,000 Consumers customers.  But despite these never ending outages and exploding rates, Democrat ratepaying voters continue to vote for the same individuals responsible for all this. The Michigan Public Service Commission, plays the crucial role in all of this. These three inept Democrat stooges are all  political appointees selected by Governor Granholm. These appointees are almost completely unknown to the public, yet they are the ones who approve all the garbage, you’ll read about below, as reported in the Free Press. This session, I introduced a bill that would require these commission members to be elected on a staggered schedule, meaning they would need to earn your vote to serve. The Democrats killed the bill in the crib.  I also pushed a Bill requiring transparency, including a bill that would require the disclosure of the vast amounts of money being funneled into the pockets of legislators and the governor to keep them on the utility payroll. Again, the Democrats pitched my bill into a death committee. Additionally, I proposed legislation to prevent utilities from arbitrarily inflating their cost estimates, spending far less on infrastructure, and pocketing the difference. The Democrats would have no part of that and killed this bill too. So, if you're wondering why our utilities are such a disaster, it's because the Democrats continue to block every single reform that could make a real difference for you, the ratepayer. Freep press reports:  The two utilities were among the worst-performing utilities in the nation, ranked by how long it took them to get the lights back on after a power outage.  At the same time, Michiganders also were paying more for electricity than their neighbors around the Great Lakes.” And finally: “Moreover, an in-depth Free Press investigation found the PSC tends to lack decision-making transparency and, as a potential conflict of interest, gets 80% of its funding from DTE and Consumers Energy, which hold a near monopoly on providing electricity to Michigan residents.” Good luck getting an answer from them or getting that $35 they are supposed to pay if you had expenses caused by the outage The Democrats are milking these utilities for every dollar they can get. People need to be calling their representatives and say, why are you selling out to the utilities. Nice try. The reason that consumers power spent 300,000 to defeat me when I ran for the Senate was all of my work against them in the house. As long as the Democrats in the legislature and the governors mansion are sucking down the monstrous campaign donations nothing will change. The only thing that will stop the corruption of this government monopoly is to turn off the money Spicket funneling into the Democrats coffers. Nice try. The reason consumers power spent 300,000 to defeat me when I ran for the Senate is all the work I did to try to get transparency and rate reductions when I was in the house. All the bills I have put in year after year, when Democrats have been in power have been smashed down. I’m always amazed when people like you will support your overlords when they’re kicking you in the groin out of sheer party loyalty. Nice try. The reason consumers power spent 300,000 to defeat me when I ran for the Senate is all the work I did to try to get transparency and rate reductions when I was in the house. All the bills I have put in year after year, when Democrats have been in power have been smashed down. I’m always amazed when people like you will support your overlords when they’re kicking you in the groin out of sheer party loyalty. Nice try. The reason consumers power spent 300,000 to defeat me when I ran for the Senate is all the work I did to try to get transparency and rate reductions when I was in the house. All the bills I have put in year after year, when Democrats have been in power have been smashed down. I’m always amazed when people like you will support your overlords when they’re kicking you in the groin out of sheer party loyalty. Nice try. The reason consumers power spent 300,000 to defeat me when I ran for the Senate is all the work I did to try to get transparency and rate reductions when I was in the house. All the bills I have put in year after year, when Democrats have been in power have been smashed down. I’m always amazed when people like you will support your overlords when they’re kicking you in the groin out of sheer party loyalty.
 	Sacramento Dems want Californians to believe that \"Big Oil\" has a vendetta against consumers here by charging them more than anywhere else. The reality is: Legislative Democrats have shut down refineries, stopped new permitting, would rather import dirty oil from other nations, and the government is profiting more than anyone else.
 	As I argued then, the system for legal marijuana we enacted only emboldened crime and corruption among the lawless; longstanding problems rooted in our beloved state.  Don't let anyone tell you there's nothing to be done, or that we must accept this. krqe.com/news/larry-barker/t…
 	Stop the gaslighting. Right now @TheDemocrats are trying to sue us off multiple state ballots, hiring spies and infiltrators to sabotage us, and even withholding public funds we qualified for months ago. Democrats ABSOLUTELY cheat and change the rules to maintain their grip on power.
 	How do teens get the guns they take to school? 1.1 million firearms were stolen between 2017-2021.  62% of gun thefts took place in southern states where owners are not required to store their guns inside a locked safe. The con isn’t just that today’s vouchers are mostly funding well-off families already in private school. It’s also that the 1 in 4 voucher users who do leave public schools can mostly only use them at sub-prime private schools And suffer horrific academic loss as a result. State Government Committee agenda for tomorrow’s meeting. @kyhousedems It’s there in the abstract and well-known in the entire education research community. An unprecedented academic loss of -0.40 standard deviations caused by Louisiana vouchers. That this voucher system has now expanded is a stunning triumph of far-right ideology over evidence. Rene Marsh joins Anderson to explain how a CNN investigation found taxpayer dollars are helping to teach right-wing views at private schools in Arizona. Yes, it's a bad idea to put the 10 commandments up in a classroom. It's also a bad idea to let legislators rewrite scripture  via @forbes forbes.com/sites/petergreene… I’ll bite: “yes, but.” YES, if vouchers “worked” we’d ideally want them to be targeted by income—as they were in the past.  BUT two empirical patterns raise dire warnings:  1) the horrific academic results for low-income kids who do switch (effective private schools won’t admit them—it’s the sub-prime schools that “predatory lend” on this) 2) high rates of exits from voucher systems among lower income, lower scoring, and students of color.  A voucher policy designed to alleviate poverty would monitor private school quality, incentivize high-quality providers to join, emphasize shared-time and strong public-private partnerships, and above all put strict anti-discriminatory rules in place. Needless to say those are non-starters among the right-wingers pushing for these schemes. Interestingly, students who were in the top third of Below Basic readers on NAEP had an average accuracy level of 94% on a fluency assessment. nces.ed.gov/nationsreportcar… Average words read per minute show more of a distinction between the NAEP levels. I would hesitate to call even the average of 82 WCPM in the lowest tier of Below Basic “nonreaders,” but it certainly is not sufficient fluency to support comprehension. It measured how quickly and accurately students read.  To me, it indicates that even students who are in the lowest ranking on NAEP, Below Basic, can read most of the words. However, there is much more to reading comprehension than just reading the words. They try to control for bias, but it is difficult to control for background knowledge. I reflect regularly on what skills are necessary to accurately answer comprehension questions on standardized tests.  The ability to read words fluently is just one piece of the puzzle. I reflect regularly on what skills are necessary to accurately answer comprehension questions on standardized tests.  The ability to read words fluently is just one piece of the puzzle. Cognition and behavior are also crucial aspects of reading comprehension. Cognition and behavior are also crucial aspects of reading comprehension. 12
 	Good thing I carry a revolver.... Actually it is More likely the result of more than half the states now having constitutional carry. $60k new homes????  With all the building codes and efficiency standards that Democrats tried jamming through the General Court that is impossible. Children and teens....so adults of 18 and 19 are included in the data?  You are being very shady.  If the adults are taken out of the statistics you are quoting, where is death by gun then?  Being honest is much better than skewing data to get money from Bloomberg.
 	For a serious attack to crime we as legislators have access to enormous data, which supports clear solutions and priorities if we want real results not mere optics. Here's a start for today - one of the two reasons most felony cases are dismissed is poor evidence collection. The solution is  training, supervision and accountability.  Not new laws are going to fix this.
 	An overwhelming majority of Americans of all political parties support voter ID. Yet, California Democrat politicians are trying to prohibit local governments from even implementing it. I’m urging Governor Newsom to veto this out-of-touch bill. #FixCalifornia The California Dream is fading. Democrats should stop resisting bipartisan solutions. We can #FixCalifornia and return our state to glory. Read my latest op-ed with @J_GallagherAD3 in @sacbee_news. sacbee.com/opinion/op-ed/art… Radical Democrat politicians’ new ban on recyclable plastic bags is out of touch, ignoring the fact that Californians want and reuse these bags, as shown by their resistance to the last plastic bag ban a decade ago. Meanwhile, our streets are still covered in trash from homeless encampments, and banning plastic bags won’t solve that problem—just like banning plastic straws didn’t. Instead of addressing real issues like homelessness, crime, or affordability, the nanny state is focused on pointless distractions. #FixCalifornia It’s insulting that CA Democrats are even considering expanding unemployment benefits to illegal immigrants. We cannot afford to expand benefits to those here illegally. I'm urging the Governor to VETO this unfair bill. #FixCalifornia foxnews.com/politics/califor… Fantastic news for the off-highway vehicle community - our Senate Bill 708 has finally been signed into law, effectively saving OHV competitions in California. For the past 5 years, my office worked with stakeholders and government agencies to perfect this program. OHV competitions have an important history in California and our new program will allow the sport to continue to thrive. Importantly, our program balances safety, responsibility, and environmentalism while allowing these competitions to continue to be a strong part of recreational economies across the state. Our SB 708 establishes a special permit to replace the Red Sticker that ended in 2021. This special permit will give OHVs an identification decal when they’re operated at sanctioned events on public lands. Thank you to the OHV advocates whose years of dedication to fixing this program helped get SB 708 across the finish line. We’ll see you on the trails!🏍️#FixCalifornia More info: sr40.senate.ca.gov/content/g… Thank you, @SenBrianJones @J_GallagherAD3, for all that you have done and continue to do to shine a light on @GavinNewsom @KamalaHarris @CA_Dem's failed one-party rule. Democrats’ policies are a disaster, and it's time they start working with Republicans on real solutions.   \"The California Dream is fading. Democrats should stop resisting bipartisan solutions\" sacbee.com/opinion/op-ed/art… Perhaps you need to read the full report, governor. Violent crime dropped 5.8% nationally, but under your watch in California, it INCREASED 3.9%. In fact, Californians are 46% more likely to be a victim of violent crime than the average American. Of course, this just confirms what everyone living here already knows: California is a safe haven for criminals and a terrifying place for residents. #MakeCrimeIllegalAgain #FixCalifornia Sources and more info here: src.senate.ca.gov/content/ex… Democrat politicians have failed so miserably to control homelessness, open drug use, and chaos that Californians are understandably coming up with their own creative solutions just to feel safe in their own neighborhoods.  It shouldn't be this way, but sadly, this is the shameful reality of our state, where homelessness has skyrocketed by 40% in the last 5 years. #FixCalifornia California is one of only a few states that offers a digital driver’s license. This pilot program offers a secure, convenient, FREE way to access your driver’s license using Google Wallet or Apple Wallet on your phone.  More info on the program here: dmv.ca.gov/portal/ca-dmv-wal…
 	California's unemployment rate is 26% higher than the national rate. Guess Newsom is right sometimes when he says California is leading the nation. #FixCalifornia Good news for legal taxpayers! Governor Newsom listened to our calls and VETOED SB 227. Thank you governor for doing the right thing. We need to focus on fixing our bankrupt unemployment fund, not expanding benefits to illegal immigrants. #FixCalifornia As usual, Newsom abandons his job in California to chase another headline. Meanwhile, he leaves the Assembly to do his dirty work and scramble to pass his ridiculous special session legislation that will raise gas prices. Californians deserve so much better than this political nonsense. #FixCalifornia
 	Just days after the election, the California Air Resources Board (CARB) is set to impose a new rule that could drive up gas prices by 65 cents a gallon. This is a clear attempt to avoid accountability, with unelected bureaucrats handpicked by Governor Newsom pushing their agenda to eliminate gas vehicles. They want to take away your freedom to drive and ignore what Californians actually want. This isn’t a group you can hold accountable. These individuals are not elected by the people—they’re selected by Newsom. They answer to no one, and they can’t be held responsible for the devastating impact their policies are having on our wallets and our way of life. How much longer are Californians going to tolerate this? latimes.com/environment/stor…
 	🚨BREAKING: Whistleblower RELEASES AFFIDAVIT REVEALING ABC NEWS WORKED WITH KAMALA HARRIS TO CHEAT IN THE DEBATE ⚠️ The Harris campaign imposed restrictions on the scope of questioning, including: No inquiries related to her tenure as Attorney General in San Francisco. No questions concerning her brother-in-law, Tony West, who faces allegations of embezzling billions of dollars in taxpayer funds and who may be involved in her administration if elected. No questions regarding the perceived health of President Joe Biden. MULTIPLE SECRET RECORDINGS ARE ALSO ABOUT TO BE RELEASED‼️ “Additionally, For further investigation, I have secretly recorded several conversations that will prove that the Harris Campaign insisted upon not only the Fact Checking of Donald Trump, but also insisted on what questions were not to be asked under any circumstances or else the Harris campaign would decline to participate in the debate.” - ABC Whistleblower 🚨 STAY TUNED 🚨 Might work. 😂😂😂😂 NEW: Per newly released CBP data, nearly 530,000 migrants have flown into the US & have been paroled into the country as part of the Biden administration’s controversial CHNV mass parole program. Additionally,  approx 813,000 migrants have scheduled appointments via the CBP One app at ports of entry to be released into the US. These are “lawful pathways” created by the Biden administration, and these numbers do not count in Border Patrol data, as they are not illegal crossings.  Most of the migrants taking part in these programs are paroled into the U.S. on two year humanitarian parole grants, which also allow them to apply to work.  Every single ICE source/contact I’ve spoken with has told me the same thing - they do not have the manpower or resources to find and deport such a large population of people if they overstay these 2 year grants.  As it stands now, ICE’s non-detained docket is on track to hit 8 million by the end of the year, and each ICE officer currently manages an average of 7,000 cases. The agency is already tasked with tracking down and removing those with final orders of removal, aggravated felons, gotaways, etc. They physically do not have the bodies to track and remove this additional population - and there has been no government agency monitoring parole expiration, according to a recent DHS Inspector General report.  The bottom line - the more than 1 million migrants the Biden admin has allowed into the U.S. via these programs are here to stay - even if they fall out of status and become unlawfully in the U.S.  New CBP data: cbp.gov/newsroom/national-me… Nice work Senator! Love it while you can....
 	Simple solution: work closer to home.  Or get a lobbying firm to put you on the payroll. ILLEGAL immigrants.... ILLEGAL.  WHAT PART ARE YOU STUCK ON? Democrats have NO concept of freedom.
 	A new report from Minnesota’s Legislative Auditor has uncovered yet another example of significant fraud and mismanagement in a state’s COVID-19 pandemic program. The audit of the Frontline Worker Pay program found that lax eligibility verification allowed rampant fraud, with an estimated 41% of payments going to ineligible applicants. Fraudsters exploited the program’s flaws, submitting multiple claims using fake identities and email addresses to dupe the system. I am grateful to the legislative auditor for continuing to shine a light on the widespread fraud being perpetrated across government programs. Minnesotans should really be livid at the blatant disregard and disrespect for their hard-earned tax dollars — especially as there continues to be no accountability or transparency from the governor or his administration. I will continue to propose common sense ways to strengthen oversight and accountability, as I have for years. I am hopeful that next year those ideas will get the bipartisan support needed. KEY FINDINGS OF THE REPORT: ** 40% of payments went to ineligible individuals or individuals that could not be verified. ** Claims were submitted using dummy email addresses to trick the application system. ** Inadequate verification procedures heavily relying on self-attestation, leading to numerous fraudulent claims for those not meeting in-person work requirements. ** Clear fraud indicators like high-risk bank accounts were ignored, resulting in substantial fraudulent payments. ** Critical failures in verifying income eligibility, retaining verification data, and maintaining consistent documentation across vendors and subcontractors. The Frontline worker audit comes on the heels of the first Feeding our Future guilty verdicts, and a subsequent scathing report from the legislative auditor of the administration’s handling of the $250 million food program scandal. The Association of Certified Fraud Examiners in a 2022 report listed Feeding Our Future as one of its five worst fraud cases. Other recent Minnesota State Government fraud cases include $9.5 million in Medicaid fraud; multiple paycheck protection program fraud schemes; and widespread Childcare Assistance Fraud. I offered a number of amendments in 2023 and 2024 aimed at preventing and addressing fraud of taxpayer-funded programs, but those amendments were rejected on party-line votes. More information and sources are available here! senatorcarlanelson.medium.co… Good story from KAAL about last night's public meeting addressing nitrate levels in our water. Thank you KAAL for chatting with me -- I was glad to see so many interested residents attend! kaaltv.com/news/whats-in-you… 
 Topic 14: 
 	 As families across Massachusetts know all too well, the impact of opioid addiction can be utterly devastating for the individual and for their loved ones. I want to thank @adrianmadaro for his tireless work on this legislation, as well as all my colleagues in the House for recognizing the need for reforms that will help those dealing with addiction on their journey to recovery. That’s why, today, the House passed legislation that covers the licensure of opioid recovery coaches, makes opioid overdose reversal drugs more accessible, protects harm reduction providers, and removes barriers facing new mothers in recovery at the time that they give birth.
 	The most important gun safety bill that we've passed during my time in the legislature was signed into law today.  SB 2, which requires a permit-to-purchase a handgun, will do more than any other bill to curb the kind of gun violence we most frequently see in our state. It'll cut down on straw purchases, it'll keep guns off our streets, and it will help prevent suicide. It will save lives.
 	FTC sues Pharmacy Benefit Managers—or PBMs—for inflating insulin prices—a drug that millions of Americans cannot live without. Now it’s time for Congress to pass @SenatorCantwell and @ChuckGrassley’s PBM Transparency Act to expose middlemen across the entire industry. There are more than 500,000 people with disabilities aged 18-64 in WA, and most of them work. Members of @SourceAmerica visited me in DC to share their stories. I will continue to work in the Senate to provide more opportunities for Social Security recipients.
 	The House unanimously passed the MA Parentage Act so that all families have equal rights to parentage regardless of how they’re formed. MA remains steadfast in our efforts to ensure inclusivity, respect and protection for all residents in the Commonwealth🏳️‍🌈 #PrideMonth
 	Secure gun storage saves lives. This SMART Week, let’s work together to protect our schools and communities from gun violence by uplifting these easy steps to keep weapons out of the hands of our nation’s children: besmartforkids.org/smart-wee…
 	Firearms are the leading cause of death for children and teens in the  U.S. Today, 4.6 million children in the U.S. live in homes with guns  that are both loaded and unlocked - and almost every day, we see the  consequences of kids and teens getting a hold of unsecured guns- safe from gun violence is to raise awareness  about secure gun storage. including unintentional shootings, youth suicides, and gunfire on school  grounds and/or kids bringing guns to school.  As we start a new  school year, one of the smartest things adults can do to keep kids, classrooms, and communities- I am proud to announce that I received a 100% 2024 Environmental Scorecard rating from @ilenviro! My voting record demonstrates my commitment to fighting climate change;  fighting for clean air and water; and protecting the open spaces we all enjoy. #GreenChampion Unintentional shootings by children and teens can be prevented by taking  a few simple steps to secure guns in homes and vehicles—stored locked,  unloaded, and separate from ammunition. Learn more at besmartforkids.org intervention referrals and other needed services for guests experiencing  a crisis.  From adult outpatient services to supportive housing and telehealth services, they are a wonderful resource in Lake County  that are dedicated to helping those in need. Yesterday the Living Room Wellness Center in Waukegan held an open house  to showcase the different services that they provide. This includes  offering a  safe, comfortable, and inviting environment where skilled  Certified Recovery Support Specialists (CRSS) provide crisis- Today is International Overdose Awareness Day, and in Illinois, anyone  can get trained and carry naloxone, the lifesaving opioid overdose reversal medication. It’s safe, effective, easy to use and most of all: it saves lives.
 	I visited Central Dauphin Middle School during the first week of school to look our kids in the eyes and tell them how much we care about them and their futures.    We worked across the aisle to invest a historic amount in our schools and deliver for students all across PA.
 	On the International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia, and Biphobia, our Administration stands in solidarity with LGBTQI+ people around the world as they seek to live full lives. We will continue to work to advance rights of LGBTQI+ people, as we have since Day One.
 	From housing assistance to crisis intervention, 211 connects people to the resources they need, and I’m glad this funding will make getting help easier for families across Wisconsin. wtaq.com/2024/09/25/new-upgr…
 	support. Not only are we maintaining the health of new families, but also laying a stronger foundation for the success of future generations. Last week at the State House, I joined my colleagues in the Legislature, advocates, and fellow supporters to witness Governor Healey sign the Maternal Health Bill. This legislation not only expands access to midwifery care and out-of-hospital birth options but will create a coverage for postpartum depression and major depressive disorder screenings for perinatal individuals. I am more than proud to be a Senate Conferee on the Committee that provided the final language for this Bill. The Governor signing this comprehensive bill will provide state licensure pathway for midwives and lactation consultants, establish a grant program to address maternal mental health and substance use disorder, and expands the statewide universal postpartum home visiting program. It will also be mandated for insurers to provide increased access to physical and mental health in Massachusetts that introduces a more inclusive support system that keeps parents and children healthy as they embark on their new journey. Every single family in our Commonwealth deserves high quality care and
 	🖊️ SIGNED! Today, @GovofCO signed our bill to help airports & communities coexist better by: 🛩️Establishing noise abatement plans 🛩️Expediting transition from leaded fuel 🛩️Giving communities a greater voice #coleg #copolitics
 	Glad to join @WhipKClark and fellow @HouseDemocrats in introducing two bills to tackle the child care crisis: The Child Care is Infrastructure Act and the Child Care Workforce Development Act. These bills will help build quality child care facilities and support care providers. The remaining child care funding from the American Rescue Plan expires today due to GOP inaction.  As @DadsCaucus chair, I’ll keep doing all possible to lower child care costs and support the providers who care for kids. This is too important for families everywhere. We must act.
 	Yesterday, I joined unanimous House to pass MA Parentage Act, bipartisan bill to honor diversity of families with equal rights & protections of parentage. Proud that MA remains national leaders for advancing human rights of all residents. More - kateforrep.com/updates/state…. #mapoli
 	#ICYMI → My Rural Broadband Protection Act PASSED the Senate. I encourage my House colleagues to pass this important legislation quickly. capito.senate.gov/news/press…
 	These 12 bills are in addition to the 7 we already have pending in the Assembly, promoting student housing, support for refugees, expanded mental health treatment for youth & other key needs. Onward! Next week the Senate votes on 12 bills I’m authoring to promote housing, fund/modernize transit, improve street safety, contain health care costs, promote AI safety, create entertainment zones, address auto break-ins, collect LGBTQ health data & ensure freelancers get paid timely
 	ICYMI: Take a look at my recent op-ed regarding our hospitals and mental health support! We must put forward long-term solutions to expand the availability of mental health services and ensure they are equitably accessible. richmond.com/opinion/column/…
 	I was proud to support the Senator Elizabeth Dole 21st Century Veterans Healthcare and Benefits Improvement Act when it passed the House recently. This commonsense bill will increase access to home and community-based health services for veterans, ensuring that they can remain in their homes for as long as possible.  I will always fight for solutions that strengthen the care and benefits that our veterans have earned. veterans.house.gov/news/docu…
 	Our law enforcement officers face incredible challenges, and I will continue to advocate for the resources, training, and support they need to keep our neighborhoods safe.  Together, we are working to build stronger, safer communities for all Illinoisans.
 	I am incredibly honored to receive the @LCVoters Action Fund’s endorsement. Their commitment to our environment is unparalleled, and I look forward to working with them to advocate for a more equitable, just, and safe future for our children and our communities. @nylcv #LCV #NY22
 	I was honored to join @GovLauraKelly as she signed Senate Bill 438, establishing the Kansas Blueprint for Literacy. This legislation will help our educators teach reading and better equip our students with the literacy tools they need to succeed! 
 Topic 15: 
 	 🚨 THIRTY MINUTES 🚨 I’ll be joining @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness at 8:30 AM. Tune in to @MorningsMaria. Iran is the single-largest state sponsor of terrorism in the Middle East. Through proxies and missile attacks, Iran has repeatedly attacked Israel. Today, I told @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria that the Biden-Harris Administration must hold Iran accountable. .@MariaBartiromo: What is the most important issue we need to be aware of when it comes to adversaries of America? Chairman @RepMikeTurner: It’s China because they’re so pervasive in their threat both militarily, technology-wise and to the United States and our allies. Biden admin is ‘emboldening’ Iran, allowing them to ‘destabilize’ Middle East: Rep. Mike Turner |  video.foxbusiness.com/v/6363… @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness Justice has been served to Hamas leader Yahya Sinwar. He was the mastermind behind the horrific October 7th terrorist attack that killed more than 1,000 innocent Israeli men, women, and children. It is my hope that Sinwar’s elimination will result in further progress toward the release of all hostages still held in Gaza, as well as to a ceasefire for Palestinians who have suffered under Hamas’ grip for far too long. 📢 To listen to my interview with Julie Mason, tune in to the @JulieMasonShow1 on @SiriusXM’s Channel 124 at 4:20 PM. Yahya Sinwar was the mastermind of the horrific October 7th terrorist attack and an incredible impediment to there being peace in the region. Today, I told the @JulieMasonShow1 on @SIRIUSXM  that his death could lead to stability in the Middle East and Hamas releasing additional hostages. Chairman @RepMikeTurner to the @JulieMasonShow1 about the impact of Yahya Sinwar’s death on Iran and its proxies: “There’s a great destabilization in Hezbollah and Hamas right now, and even Iran is back on their heels.” Why has the Biden-Harris Administration failed to actively brief Congress about the movement of North Korean troops into Russia? Today, I sent a letter to President Biden demanding that his administration give @HouseIntel answers and that the use of North Korean troops against Ukraine must be a red line for the United States and NATO.
 	Statement from President Joe Biden on the Death of Hassan Nasrallah “Hassan Nasrallah and the terrorist group he led, Hezbollah, were responsible for killing hundreds of Americans over a four-decade reign of terror.  His death from an Israeli airstrike is a measure of justice for his many victims, including thousands of Americans, Israelis, and Lebanese civilians.” “The United States fully supports Israel’s right to defend itself against Hezbollah, Hamas, the Houthis, and any other Iranian-supported terrorist groups.”
 	Hassan Nasrallah, a murderous terror leader with the blood of Americans on his hands, is dead—thanks to our allies in Israel. It’s time for the Biden-Harris admin to stop handwringing and give Israel the space to restore deterrence and defend its people from existential threats. We’re living in the painful and expensive reality of the failed Biden-Harris economic policies. @SenateGOP has the policies and the tools to get the economy back on track and lift up all Americans. The American people are smarter than to fall for the latest flip-flops of Vice President Harris on her border policy positions. The Biden-Harris administration has abandoned the Afghan girls they claimed they’d protect. Another broken promise by this administration.   Our allies and adversaries are watching.
 	My statement with Leader @SteveScalise, @GOPMajorityWhip, and Chairwoman @RepStefanik on the Israeli airstrike that killed longtime Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah: Hassan Nasrallah’s reign of bloodshed, oppression, and terror has been brought to an end. A puppet of the Iranian regime, he was one of the most brutal terrorists on the planet, and a coward who hid behind women and children to carry out his attacks. Thanks to the brave men and women of the Israeli military, justice was delivered for Israeli victims of his heinous crimes, their families, and the United States. The world is better off without him.   We call on the Biden-Harris Administration to end its counter-productive calls for a cease-fire and its ongoing diplomatic pressure campaign against Israel. Nasrallah’s death is a major step forward for the Middle East, and today’s victory for peace and security should be used to reassert America’s ironclad support for Israel as it fights for its very right to exist. Hezbollah has several job openings. Must be willing to relocate on a daily basis, live underground like a mole for extended periods of time and be able to operate in a dangerous, stressful work environment.  Please bring proof of an up to date Last Will and Testament.
 	The Biden-Harris administration has not only placed a partial arms embargo on Israel, they have also withheld tractors that would help clear mine fields. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris continue to put more pressure on Israel than they do on Hamas or Hezbollah. It’s clear that the Democrats are the party of high prices.   But it doesn’t have to be this way…   @SenateGOP has the solutions to stop Democrat reckless spending, cut regulations, stop tax increases, and unleash American energy. All of our fighting forces need to be solely focused on fighting and winning wars.  Not on social, political, or cultural indoctrination. Israel should not have to live with a highly armed Iranian-backed terrorist group on its northern border.  When Joe Biden and Kamala Harris pressure Israel, all it does is embolden Hezbollah. There have been over 10 million illegal crossings under the Biden-Harris administration, including over 350 terror watch list suspects.  Why is the Biden-Harris administration withholding where these terror watch list suspects are coming from? Kamala Harris’s failure as “Border Czar” continues to make Americans less safe. Under Biden-Harris, every state is a border state. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris continue to delay critical military equipment to our allies in Israel.  Further delays will endanger Israeli lives, increase the likelihood that the conflict will escalate further, and harm American national security interests. Kamala Harris and Chuck Schumer want to pack the Supreme Court and nuke the filibuster to advance their radical liberal agenda.  This should worry every American. It is a shame that Senate Democrats won't impose sanctions on the ICC after 42 of their colleagues joined to pass this bi-partisan legislation in the House. I am proud to be the lead sponsor of this bill which would hold the ICC accountable for its lawless, anti-Israel actions. Hassan Nasrallah was a murderous terrorist with the blood of Americans on his hands.  We should all be grateful to Israel for wiping this monster off the face of the earth. Tonight on @OneNationFNC The United States should help Israel eliminate Hezbollah once and for all. Iran should not have a terrorist proxy capable of harming civilians or American troops. The chaos that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have unleashed isn’t limited to the other side of the world.  The Biden-Harris administration just admitted that they have released 13,000 convicted murderers on to our streets.
 	“What do we believe in? Well for one thing, we’re here to see that government continues to serve the people and not the other way around.” – President Reagan, @GOP  1984 Yahya Sinwar was a cruel terrorist whose death represents a major milestone in Israel’s just war against Hamas barbarism. Backed by Iran, Sinwar was the mastermind of October 7 and directed the murder, torture, rape and kidnapping of over a thousand innocent Israelis. For 377 days, Sinwar has despicably held more than 101 people, including 7 Americans, hostage as he pursued his maniacal goal of destroying the Jewish state. Sinwar and Hamas' deliberate use of human shields is responsible for horrific death and destruction in Gaza. America must continue to stand with Israel as it works to drive Hamas from power in Gaza and confronts aggression from Iran and its terrorist proxies on seven fronts. This is a fight of civilization against barbarism. Those with leverage over Hamas, including Qatar and Turkey, must now increase the pressure on the group to surrender, free all the hostages, and bring this war to a close.
 	The Biden/Harris Border Crisis continues as 101,790 illegal immigrants entered the U.S. in last month. As of July 21, 2024, there were 662,566 noncitizens with criminal histories on ICE’s national docket. There are 425,431 convicted criminals and 222,141 with pending criminal charges not in detention, including: • 14,301 convicted of burglary • 56,533 with drug convictions • 13,099 convicted of homicide • 2,231 convicted of assault An additional: • 2,521 have kidnapping convictions • and 15,811 have sexual assault convictions The American people know what the border looked like under President Trump and the disaster it continues to be under 3.5 years of Biden/Harris. newsmax.com/newsfront/ice-sa…
 	Horrified that the @Marcy_Kaptur /Biden open border policies have let tens of thousands of illegal immigrants with sex offenses and homicide convictions into our communities. It's time for new leadership, I will SECURE our border! foxnews.com/politics/tens-th…
 	Since Joe Biden and Kamala Harris took office, there have been OVER 10 MILLION illegal immigrant encounters nationwide. There have also been roughly 2 million known getaways who evaded U.S. Border Patrol. @HouseGOP
 	It’s easier to stop sending the Israel government weapons to conduct its genocidal wars than it is to evacuate every American in Lebanon. Fact-check: Tlaib did not say Nessel charged pro-Palestinian protesters because she’s Jewish metrotimes.com/news/fact-che… Devastating news continues to emerge from Lebanon, where 1500+ civilians have been injured or killed due to an indiscriminate Israeli bombing campaign in the last 24 hours. Our community is watching in horror as loved ones in Lebanon are being slaughtered, from the densely-populated Beirut suburbs to the villages of South Lebanon. The Israeli government’s aggression continues to target civilians and infrastructure, mirroring the atrocities we've seen in Gaza, the West Bank, and Jerusalem. Netanyahu and his cabinet of war criminals continue to act with impunity; a direct result of our government supplying it with military and financial assistance, no matter the crimes they commit. Our government must end its ongoing support of Israel’s genocidal campaign and work to prevent a larger regional war. This is a huge scandal. USAID & State Department refugee bureau both said Israel blocked aid to Gaza. But Blinken told Congress the opposite, so they wouldn't have to heed US law that'd force cutting off weapons to Israel. As in, the Biden-Harris admin is complicit in war crimes.
 	Ukraine strikes a military target and destroys Russian weapons and planes. Russia responds by attacking a shopping center killing 14 civilians and injuring more than 50 other civilians.  Russia struggles to repel Ukraine’s surprise incursion  - BBC News apple.news/A74SW6qXzSCOBsLIm…
 	Yahya Sinwar, the mastermind of the October 7 atrocity, was a genocidal maniac who indiscriminately killed Israelis and Americans. Thank you to the IDF for delivering justice to this terrorist.  Now more than ever, America’s policy is clear: we should back Israel to the hilt and help Israel finish the job against our common enemies. Under the Biden-Harris administration, thousands of illegal immigrants from countries with deep ties to terrorism, including Lebanon have entered our country.  Granting TPS to 11,000 Lebanese nationals endangers our citizens. breitbart.com/politics/2024/…
 	The FBI was forced to admit that the Hunter Biden laptop was real, and NOT a Russian information operation. The 51 intelligence officials who interfered in the 2020 election by signing the fraudulent letter carried out their own information operation against the American people and must be held accountable.
 	AZGOP UNVEILS BILLBOARD CAMPAIGN CALLING OUT THE FAILURE OF ‘BORDER CZAR’ KAMALA HARRIS Vice President Kamala Harris will visit Phoenix on August 9th, the AZGOP is launching a billboard campaign to hold her accountable for her abysmal record on the border crisis.  The billboards will inform Arizonans of her glaring neglect of border security and the devastating impact of her inaction on Arizona and the nation. Here’s the truth: despite being appointed as the “Border Czar,” Vice President Harris has failed to visit the border even once in her 1296 days in office. This dereliction of duty has allowed the border crisis to spiral out of control, putting American lives at risk. Every day, deadly fentanyl flows unchecked across our wide-open borders, wreaking havoc in our communities and claiming the lives of countless Americans. Under Harris’ watch, fentanyl seizures at the border have skyrocketed, yet her absence and inaction signal a shocking indifference to this deadly epidemic. Illegal border crossings have surged exponentially, creating a national security threat of unprecedented proportions. Harris’ refusal to address this crisis head-on has emboldened criminal organizations and endangered the safety of American citizens. By shirking her responsibilities, Vice President Harris has shown a blatant disregard for her role and for the safety and security of the American people. This billboard campaign is a call to action, demanding accountability from Harris and highlighting the urgent need for real leadership to secure our borders. “Kamala Harris’ failure to address the border crisis is a dereliction of duty that cannot be ignored. As the so-called ‘Border Czar,’ her complete absence from the border and lack of action have had deadly consequences for our communities. The AZGOP is committed to holding her accountable and ensuring that the American people are informed about her disastrous record,” said @GinaSwoboda, Chair of the Arizona Republican Party.
 	This is insane! 🚨 Breaking: Israel eliminated Hassan Khalil Yassin, who replaced Hassan Nasrallah hours ago. This breaks the Guinness world record for the shortest tenure as the head of a terrorist organization.
 	Remembering the victims of the horrifying October 7 terror attacks on Israel and praying for the safe return of the hostages.  We must stand up to anti-Semitism and stand in solidarity with our Israeli allies and with the Jewish people around the world. #RememberOctober7
 	Thanks to the quick action of two brave women, a criminal illegal immigrant is in custody and off the streets.  Even though they deny it and the media covers it up, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have created the worst border crisis in history and they must be held responsible. Palestinians ( Hamas ) chanting heil Hitler during Israel National Anthem.
 	Russia continues to put U.S. and allied pilots in danger with its aggressive and irresponsible in-air maneuvering. Unfortunately, this is a direct result of the Biden-Harris Administration’s failure to stand up to Putin. 🚨 ONE HOUR 🚨 I’ll be joining @SumiSomaskanda.   Tune in to @BBCWorld.
 	As of July 21, 2024, there were 662,566 noncitizens with criminal histories on ICE’s national docket—13,099 criminally convicted MURDERS! Americans deserve to be SAFE in our own communities. BREAKING: Bombshell news should end the Kamala Harris campaign. This is not a Republican conspiracy theory. Acting ICE Director Patrick Lechleitner has confirmed in a letter that the Biden and Harris administration caught, and then released into the United States, 425,431 convicted criminals, included among them are 13,099 convicted of m*rder and 15,811 convicted of sexual assault. Those are the convictions but also among them are 222,141 migrants with pending criminal charges including 1,845 for homicide and 4,250 for s*xual assault. If you can vote for Kamala Harris knowing those numbers you may have mental issues. GO DAWGS! BEAT BAMA!
 	Justice was served by Israel today. Yahya Sinwar, leader of Hamas and mastermind behind the horrific October 7th attacks, has been eliminated. Hamas must release the remaining hostages immediately. I'm proud to stand with Israel as they defend themselves against these terrorists.